The death penalty can also help provide closure for the victim's family and friends , who will no longer have to fear the return of this criminal into society . They will not have to worry about parole or the chance of escape , and will thus be able to achieve a greater degree of closure . Mary Heidcamp , a Chicago woman whose mother's killer faced the death penalty before the State Governor commuted the sentences to life in prison , stated ' we were looking forward to the death penalty . I'm just so disappointed in the system ' . Other victims ' families deemed the decision a ' mockery ' , that ' justice is not done ' .	It helps the victims’ families achieve closure.
Many victims ' families oppose the death penalty . While some might take comfort in knowing the guilty party has been executed , others might prefer to know that the person is suffering in jail , or might not feel comfortable knowing that the state killed another human being on behalf of the victim . Furthermore , Stanford University psychiatrist David Spiegel believes ' witnessing executions not only fails to provide closure but often causes symptoms of acute stress . Witness trauma is not far removed from experience it ' . Even if it was the case that capital punishment helped the victims ' families , sentencing is simply not about what the victims ' families want . Punishment should be proportionate to the crime committed , and not the alleged preferences of victims ' families .	It helps the victims’ families achieve closure.
The state has a responsibility to protect the lives of innocent citizens , and enacting the death penalty may save lives by reducing the rate of violent crime . The reasoning here is simple- fear of execution can play a powerful motivating role in convincing potential murderers not to carry out their acts . While the prospect of life in prison may be frightening , surely death is a more daunting prospect . Thus , the risk of execution can change the cost-benefit calculus in the mind of murderers-to be so that the act is no longer worthwhile for them . Numerous studies support the deterrent effect of the death penalty . A 1985 study by Stephen K . Layson at the University of North Carolina showed that a single execution deters 18 murders . Another influential study , which looked at over 3,054 counties over two decades , further found support for the claim that murder rates tend to fall as executions rise . On top of this , there are ways to make the death penalty an even more effective deterrent than it is today . For instance , reducing the wait time on death row prior to execution can dramatically increase its deterrent effect in the United States . In short , the death penalty can- and does- save the lives of innocent people .	The death penalty deters crime.
There are many reasons to doubt the deterrent effect of the death penalty . For one thing , many criminals may actually find the prospect of the death penalty less daunting ( and thus , less effective as a deterrent ) than spending the rest of their lives suffering in jail . Death by execution is generally fairly quick , while a lifetime in prison can be seen as a much more intensive punishment . Moreover , even if criminals preferred life in prison to the death penalty , it's not clear that a harsher punishment would effectively deter murders . Heinous crimes often occur in the heat of the moment , with little consideration for their legal repercussions . Further , for a deterrent to be effective , it would have to be immediate and certain . This is not the case with the death penalty cases , which often involve prolonged appeals and sometimes end in acquittals . Finally , the empirical evidence regarding the deterrence effect of the death penalty is at best mixed . Many of the studies that purport to show the deterrence effect are flawed , because the impact of capital punishment cannot be disentangled from other factors such as broader social trends , economic factors and demographic changes in a region . Other studies have even suggested a correlation between the death penalty and higher crime rates . States such as Texas and Oklahoma , which have very high execution rates , also have higher crime rates than most states that do not have the death penalty .	The death penalty deters crime.
The death penalty is the only way to ensure that criminals do not escape back into society or commit further crimes while in prison . While in prison , it is not uncommon for those receiving life in jail sentences to commit homicide , suicide , or other crimes while in jail , since there is no worse punishment they can receive . Putting dangerous murderers in prison endangers other prisoners and the guards who must watch them . The other advantage of execution is that it prevents the possibly of an escape from prison . Even the highest security detention facilities can have escapees . Thus , the only way to be absolutely certain that a convicted murder can no longer hurt others is to execute them .	Execution prevents the accused from committing further crimes.
Escapes from prison , though sensationalized by the media , are relatively rare occurrences . In 1998 , according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics , 6,530 people escaped or were AWOL from state prisons . Given a total prison population of 1,100,224 state prisoners , that figure represents just over half a percent of the total prison population . On top of this , it is not impossible for people to commit further crimes while on death row . Those sentenced to death may be even more eager to escape prior to their execution than those awaiting life in prison , so it is not true that execution necessarily prevents further crimes .	Execution prevents the accused from committing further crimes.
The worst crimes deserve the most severe sanctions ; first-degree murder involves the intentional slaughter of another human being . There are crimes that are more visceral , but there are none that are more deadly . Such a heinous crime can only be punished , in a just and fair manner , with the death penalty . As Time put it , ' there is a zero-sum symmetry to capital punishment that is simple and satisfying enough to feel like human instinct : the worst possible crime deserves no less than the worst possible punishment ' . Human life is sacred ; there must be a deterrent mechanism in place that ensures that those violating that fundamental precept are punished . Capital punishment symbolizes the value and importance placed upon the maintenance of the sanctity of human life . Any lesser sentence would fail in this duty .	The death penalty should apply as punishment for first-degree murder; an eye for an eye.
There is no fairness or consistency in an eye-for-an-eye attitude towards justice . Justice should remain above the petty retributive justice that marks street or community warfare , whereby the murder of one family member justifies a revenge attack against the murderers ' family . Furthermore , it is inconsistent with other areas of the law . As New York University Law Professor Anthony Amsterdam notes , ' we don't burn arsonists ' houses ' . Capital punishment ' attempts to vindicate one murder by committing a second murder . And the second murder is more reprehensible because it is officially sanctioned and done with great ceremony in the name of us all ' . The Christian logic of an eye for an eye is undermined not merely by the Pope himself , who advocated ' clemency , or pardon , for those condemned to death ' , but scripture itself , which preaches mercy just as vigorously as it does retribution .	The death penalty should apply as punishment for first-degree murder; an eye for an eye.
The death penalty can help ease the problem of overcrowded prisons in many countries , where keeping people for life in prison contributes to expensive and at times unconstitutional overcrowding . In 2011 , California prison overcrowding was so problematic that a district court panel ordered authorities to release or transfer more than 33,000 inmates . This decision was held up by the U.S. Supreme Court , which argued that the conditions in the overcrowded prisons are so overwhelming that they constitute cruel and unusual punishment . Similarly , in the United Kingdom two thirds of prisons in England and Wales have been deemed overcrowded . As such , the death penalty may be preferable to life in prison since it helps alleviate a pressing problem in the criminal justice system . It is better to execute those who deserve it than to be forced to release dangerous offenders into society because prisons are overcrowded by people serving life sentences .	Execution helps alleviate the overcrowding of prisons
Executions are rare enough that they do not have a significant impact on prison populations , which are largely composed of people who would not be eligible for the death penalty . Even if large numbers of people could be executed instead of serving prisons , resources would not be saved due to the expenses associated with death penalty cases . Instead of execution , there are better , more humane solutions for alleviating overcrowded prisons . One could increase community service requirements , build more prisons , or target broader crime reduction programs . Principally , whether or not a convict deserves to live or die should not be contingent on factors as arbitrary as the availability of prison spots in a given region . Justice is about the proportionality of punishment to crime , not of prisoners to prisons , so it is not fair to use crowded prisons as a justification for the death penalty .	Execution helps alleviate the overcrowding of prisons
The state has no right to take away the life of its citizens . By executing convicts , the government is effectively condoning murder , and devaluing human life in the process . Such acts violate the right to life as declared in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the right not to be subjected to cruel , inhuman , or degrading punishment . On top of this , the state forces executioners to actively participate in the taking of a life , which can be unduly traumatizing and leave permanent psychological scars . Thus , a humane state cannot be one that exercises the death penalty .	State-sanctioned killing is wrong (state has not the right).
A just state regularly abrogates people's rights when they intrude upon the rights of others . By sentencing people to prison , for instance , the state takes away rights to movement , association , and property rights from convicted criminals . The right to life should be no different . When you commit certain heinous crimes , you forgo your right to life . This does not devalue life , but rather affirms the value of the innocent life taken by the criminal . Certain crimes are so heinous that the only proportionate sentence is execution . As for the executioners themselves , there are methods of execution that involve multiple executioners which might reduce the associated psychological burdens . At any rate , no one is forced to become an executioner , and people who choose to take on that role do so with full awareness of the risks involved .	State-sanctioned killing is wrong (state has not the right).
Capital punishment imposes a very high cost on taxpayers , which far outweighs the costs of alternative punishments such as life in prison . A single capital litigation can cost over $1 million as a result of the intensive jury selection , trials , and long appeals process that are required by capital cases2 . The cost of death row presents an additional financial burden associated with the death penalty . Savings from abolishing the death penalty in Kansas , for example , are estimated at $ 500,000 for every case in which the death penalty is not sought . In California , death row costs taxpayers $114 million a year beyond the cost of imprisoning convicts for life . This money could instead be better spent on measures that are of much greater benefit to the criminal justice system- greater policing , education , and other crime-preventing measures that are far more cost-effective .	The death penalty is a financial burden on the state.
Justice is priceless . Even if the death penalty is more expensive than other punishments , that is not sufficient reason to ban it . Fair and proportionate punishments should be independent of financial considerations . Further , there are ways to make the death penalty less expensive than it is today . Shortening the appeals process or changing the method of execution could reduce its costs .	The death penalty is a financial burden on the state.
There are an alarming number of wrongful convictions associated with the death penalty . So far , more than 130 people who had been sentenced to death have been exonerated . In many cases , unlike those who have been sentenced to life in prison , it is impossible to compensate executed prisoners should they later be proven innocent . The state should not gamble with people's lives . The chance of wrongful execution alone should be enough to prove the death penalty is not justifiable .	Wrongful convictions are irreversible.
Wrongful convictions are particularly rare in cases where the death penalty is sentenced . The lengthy and thorough procedures associated with death penalty cases offer sufficient protection against wrongful convictions . If there is any reasonable doubt that a person is guilty , they will not receive the sentence . Finally , even in cases where there is a wrongful conviction , there is generally a lengthy appeals process for them to make their case . For example , in 1993 , Alex Hernandez was sentenced to death for the kidnapping , rape and murder of a 10-year old girl in Chicago ; he was released a number of years later due to his lawyers proving both a paucity of evidence and the confession of her actual killer . As a result , very few innocent people receive the death penalty , and the legality of capital punishment does not increase wrongful or prejudicial convictions .	Wrongful convictions are irreversible.
Juries are imperfect , and increasing the stakes of the verdict can pervert justice in a couple of ways . First , implementation of the death penalty is often impacted by jury members ' social , gender-based or racial biases2 , disproportionately impacting certain victimized groups in society and adding a certain arbitrariness to the justice system . A 2005 study found that the death penalty was three to four times more common amongst those who killed whites than those who killed African Americans or Latinos , while those who kill women are three and a half times more likely to be executed than those who kill men . Regional differences in attitudes towards the death penalty can also introduce elements of randomness into sentencing . For instance , in Illinois , a person is five times more likely to get a death sentence for first-degree murder in a rural area than in Cook County . Finally , the fear of wrongful execution can also pervert justice by biasing juries towards returning an innocent verdict when they would otherwise be deemed guilty . When they are told that the consequence of a guilty verdict is death , they are likely to find some kind of reasonable doubt to avoid being responsible for the death of that criminal . This means that more criminals who would've otherwise been convicted do not get charged . In this sense the death penalty can pervert the goals of justice and prolong the difficult process for victims ' families .	The death penalty can produce irreversible miscarriages of justice.
The fact that juries are prone to several biases is not a flaw inherent or unique to capital punishment . If there are racial or prejudicial issues in sentencing , these are likely to present themselves just as often in cases where the punishment is life in prison . It is equally problematic for people to die or spend decades in jails for crimes they did not commit . These errors suggest that the judicial process may need some reform , not that the death penalty should be abolished . Implementation errors that result in discrimination can and should be corrected . Moreover , there is little evidence that these biases are even present in most death penalty cases1 . A study funded by the National Institute of Justice in the US found that differences in sentencing for white and non-white victims disappeared when the heinousness of the crimes were factored into the study . Thus , factors relating to the crime , not the race , of the accused accounted for some of the purported racial disparities that were found . Finally , jurors must be " death- qualified " in such cases , meaning that they are comfortable sentencing someone to death should the fact indicate their guilt . Thus , it is unlikely that many jurors will abstain from a guilty verdict because they are uncomfortable with the death penalty .	The death penalty can produce irreversible miscarriages of justice.
