 I oppose lethal injection. It's too much like a medical procedure. I don't think there should be any question about what's happening: the State is taking revenge.No one's gonna confuse it with a booster shot. State sponsored executions are state sponsored executions, however they're dressed up. That said, I'm willing to accept that occasionally innocents will be executed. That's regrettable, but the doctrine of double effect, in my view, applies to this and other similar cases (e.g., unintended but foreseeable killing of civilians in wartime).Quick review of the doctrine: The New Catholic Encyclopedia provides four conditions for the application of the principle of double effect: The act itself must be morally good or at least indifferent. The agent may not positively will the bad effect but may permit it. If he could attain the good effect without the bad effect he should do so. The bad effect is sometimes said to be indirectly voluntary. The good effect must flow from the action at least as immediately (in the order of causality, though not necessarily in the order of time) as the bad effect. In other words the good effect must be produced directly by the action, not by the bad effect. Otherwise the agent would be using a bad means to a good end, which is never allowed. The good effect must be sufficiently desirable to compensate for the allowing of the bad effect“ (p. 1021).To be honest, I think execution fails the first condition, or at the very least the fourth. I *don't* think executing murderers is a good effect, or at the very least the increased benefit of killing them rather than locking them away for life doesn't justify killing innocent people.This isn't a direct contradiction of any of your points, but [evidence good enough to convince SCOTUS was presented that the death penalty in America is *strongly* racially biased](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McCleskey_v._Kemp). Not only are we occasionally killing innocents, but we're deciding who to kill on the basis of skin color.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 No one's gonna confuse it with a booster shot. State sponsored executions are state sponsored executions, however they're dressed up.But they might confuse it with euthanasia.  Putting an animal out of its misery or getting rid of an inconvenient human being, rather than holding a criminal to account.  I don't think there should be any confusion on that question. To be honest, I think execution fails the first condition, or at the very least the fourth. I don't think executing murderers is a good effect, or at the very least the increased benefit of killing them rather than locking them away for life doesn't justify killing innocent people.I was invoking double effect on the narrow question of unintended killing of innocents, not as the justification for the death penalty itself.But I do think there are unique reasons why the death penalty is preferable to life in prison, in some circumstances.A murderer took away something irreplaceable, a human life.  I don't see the injustice in exacting a similar penalty.  Hannah Arendt was no hanging enthusiast, but she put the case as clearly as possible in *Eichmann in Jerusalem*: Just as you [Eichmann] supported and carried out a policy of not wanting to share the earth with the Jewish people and the people of a number of other nations—as though you and your superiors had any right to determine who should and who should not inhabit the world—we find that no one, that is, no member of the human race, can be expected to want to share the earth with you. This is the reason, and the only reason, you must hang.An extreme instance, sure, but one where the abolitionists would also forego the death penalty.I grew up admiring Clarence Darrow and can still recite parts of his "Leopold &amp; Loeb" speech from memory.  So I'm open to changing my mind on this question again.  But what pulls me up is this reflection: Nathan Leopold got to see the sun every day.  He got to work and read books and even get married after being released on parole.  He got to make something of his life.  And the little boy who he bludgeoned to death never did.Loeb was stabbed to death by a prison inmate, and I take no satisfaction from that.  He didn't die for his crimes; he died because he upset another murderer. This isn't a direct contradiction of any of your points, but evidence good enough to convince SCOTUS was presented that the death penalty in America is strongly racially biased. Not only are we occasionally killing innocents, but we're deciding who to kill on the basis of skin color.I don't support racial bias in executions and think a defendant ought to be able to present that argument on appeal (and be taken seriously if the evidence warrants it).	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 A murderer took away something irreplaceable, a human life. I don't see the injustice in exacting a similar penalty. Fuck justice, then. Who cares about justice over a human life?  An extreme instance, sure, but one where the abolitionists would also forego the death penalty.I wouldn't, and I'm Jewish. I think all killing Eichmann did is give him the last laugh. You don't want to do the same thing to him that he did to all those innocent people; you want to show him mercy and prove that he's alone in his nastiness. I grew up admiring Clarence Darrow and can still recite parts of his "Leopold &amp; Loeb" speech from memory. So I'm open to changing my mind on this question again. But what pulls me up is this reflection: Nathan Leopold got to see the sun every day. He got to work and read books and even get married after being released on parole. He got to make something of his life. And the little boy who he bludgeoned to death never did.Killing Leopold would not have brought that kid back. All killing Leopold would've done is add more death.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
Revenge is not a goal of the justice system.we punish people for three reasons: to deter crime, to remove dangerous people from society, and to rehabilitate. What difference does it make if injection is like a medical procedure? As far as I know it's the most humane way to kill a person, which is important because we have rules against cruel punishment written into our constitution.What benefit is there to valuing revenge over the rights of the accused?	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
I think revenge is a legitimate function of the criminal justice system (even if the new Pope of the criminal justice tells me, without warrant, that there can only be three purposes).  In particular, the State should recognize revenge is a legitimate human impulse and seek to constrain it within reasonable bounds, rather than deny it outright.I don't think the prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment is a demand for the "most humane way to kill a person."  It's merely a prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment.As for the question of medical procedures vs. executions, I think it comes down to moral accountability.  Are we punishing a crime or "putting down" an inconvenient person?  You might not grasp the distinction, but it seems quite obvious to me that there's a vast difference between the two. 	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
  I think revenge is a legitimate function of the criminal justice systemWhy? What good does it serve? To make the victims (or family of the victims) feel better that someone got harmed for doing something bad? Does that mean I can use revenge to beat up or kill the guy who slept with my wife and it'd be moral?   As for the question of medical procedures vs. executions, I think it comes down to moral accountability. Are we punishing a crime or "putting down" an inconvenient person? You might not grasp the distinction, but it seems quite obvious to me that there's a vast difference between the two. I agree that executing someone is a punishment, I'm questioning the motive for the punishment. Regardless, why does the method of execution make a difference? 	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 Why? What good does it serve? To make the victims (or family of the victims) feel better that someone got harmed for doing something bad? In part, yes.  I don't think revenge is the *only* reason for the death penalty, but the outrage and indignation victims feel shouldn't be excluded as a factor in determining a sentence.  We do this all the time with lesser crimes. I agree that executing someone is a punishment, I'm questioning the motive for the punishment. Regardless, why does the method of execution make a difference? I've answered this question repeatedly. Does that mean I can use revenge to beat up or kill the guy who slept with my wife and it'd be moral? Adultery isn't remotely comparable to murder, and it's difficult for me to believe there's even a government interest at stake.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
   I don't think revenge is the only reason for the death penalty, but the outrage and indignation victims feel shouldn't be excluded as a factor in determining a sentence. I believe exactly the opposite: Wanting to see another person harmed is not justification for harming them. The only time we should ever do harm to others is to prevent worse harm from occurring.I will note here that I am not against the death penalty, I think there are places where it is a valid and justifiable punishment. I do not believe the justification should ever be revenge. The government should not be sponsoring sadism.   We do this all the time with lesser crimes.If we do, it's unjust there as well. Can you give some specific examples?  I've answered this question repeatedly.Are you talking about in this comment thread or in the thread as a whole? Apologies if I missed it but all I can find is this:  Are we punishing a crime or "putting down" an inconvenient personIt is still not clear to me how the motive for our action is changed by the means. We can kill a person with a gun, with an injection, with an electric chair, or with a variety of other means. Our method doesn't change our motive.   Adultery isn't remotely comparable to murder, and it's difficult for me to believe there's even a government interest at stake.But he's hurt me and I want revenge. Maybe I won't kill him, just beat him up. You've stated that revenge is a valid justification, so would I be in the wrong if I kicked his ass because it made me feel better? Is there some scale I can use to determine what the correct amount of revenge is for an act of wrongdoing against me?	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 I believe exactly the opposite: Wanting to see another person harmed is not justification for harming them. The only time we should ever do harm to others is to prevent worse harm from occurring.Well, that's frankly an impossible standard.  You can't know what "future harm" someone will commit.I hate to offer an extreme case, but abolition is an extreme position.  Adolf Eichmann didn't hurt anyone after the Nazi government fell.  He probably would've lived the rest of his life quietly, without even hurting a fly.  Once Israel captured him, do you think he should have been punished?  On what grounds, if not retribution for the crimes he committed? I will note here that I am not against the death penalty, I think there are places where it is a valid and justifiable punishment. I do not believe the justification should ever be revenge. The government should not be sponsoring sadism. Retribution and sadism aren't synonyms. If we do, it's unjust there as well. Can you give some specific examples?Sure.  A thief who stole to feed his family would probably receive a lighter sentence than a thief who stole from a poor family that trusted him with their life savings.  They'd both be thieves, but one would probably receive a harsher punishment.  Attend any sentencing hearing, and you'll probably hear arguments about aggravating or mitigating circumstances.  These don't exclusively turn on the question of future harm to society (sometimes they do, but that's really difficult to prove).  Sometimes they take into account whether a defendant's conduct was "outrageous." It is still not clear to me how the motive for our action is changed by the means. We can kill a person with a gun, with an injection, with an electric chair, or with a variety of other means. Our method doesn't change our motive. But legal procedures aren't merely utilitarian.  They are also meant to communicate a message.  A judge can dispense verdicts without wearing a robe.  Defendants can hear a verdict just fine while slouching in a chair.  I would argue that it's the same with executions.  How we do it matters.  The chair communicates a punitive message.  Lethal injection communicates a euthanasic one.   But he's hurt me and I want revenge. And I think that's a fine argument to take to family court.  But it's not even remotely criminal. Maybe I won't kill him, just beat him up. You've stated that revenge is a valid justification, so would I be in the wrong if I kicked his ass because it made me feel better? I think a wise government realizes that feelings of vengeance are natural and rather than trying to deny it (as something only earthlings would feel), it dispenses constrained and careful vengeance in those circumstances.   Is there some scale I can use to determine what the correct amount of revenge is for an act of wrongdoing against me?Yes, it's called the criminal code, and it's brought to you by our government.  If you think more/less revenge should be dispensed, we have a democratic process for that.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
  Well, that's frankly an impossible standard. You can't know what "future harm" someone will commit.I'm not just referring to the person we are locking up. Locking them up acts as a deterrent to others. If we didn't punish people for breaking the law, there would be no incentive to follow it. We disincentive illegal activities by attaching a fines or jail time to them. Aside from that, we know that certain people are dangerous and not fit for society. These people should be removed until they can be rehabilitated.   Once Israel captured him, do you think he should have been punished? On what grounds, if not retribution for the crimes he committed?As stated above, the reasons for punishing him are to show that his actions are not acceptable and that people who attempt to do those horrible things will face severe repercussions.   Retribution and sadism aren't synonyms.I agree, but revenge and sadism *are*. If you can justify your punishment with something other than the desire to cause harm, then it's retribution. Causing harm *because* you want to see someone suffer isn't justice though, that is sadism, and it doesn't belong in the legal system no matter how natural or good it feels.   Sure. A thief who stole to feed his family would probably receive a lighter sentence than a thief who stole from a poor family that trusted him with their life savings. They'd both be thieves, but one would probably receive a harsher punishment.We do not punish them differently because we want to make the victims feel better, we punish them differently because the motive of the thief makes a difference. Someone facing extreme poverty isn't stealing because he has a wanton disregard for the rights of others, he did so because he was desperate. Because of the difference in motive, different punishments should be employed.   How we do it matters. The chair communicates a punitive message. Lethal injection communicates a euthanasic one. The whole point of sending that message is to communicate to other people that this is what happens when you do bad things, isn't it? Then it sounds like you're arguing that we're executing people to deter others from committing crimes. And I disagree that lethal injection doesn't communicate a punitive message. An execution is a grim affair whether its by lethal injection or by electric chair. Only the electric chair is much more cruel.   Yes, it's called the criminal code, and it's brought to you by our governmentThis is just moving the goalposts. How do we as a democratic society determine what the morally correct amount of revenge? "Voting" is not an answer - I'm asking how should we determine which way to vote. 	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 I'm not just referring to the person we are locking up. Locking them up acts as a deterrent to others.I'm just not convinced deterrence is relevant when discussing the crimes under discussion here.  If someone didn't already know that raping and strangling women was wrong, I'm not sure the arrest of Gary Ridgway suddenly caused an epiphany. As stated above, the reasons for punishing him are to show that his actions are not acceptable and that people who attempt to do those horrible things will face severe repercussions. I'm not sure how this is distinct from revenge.  "We're retaliating because of what you did."  Perhaps you could clarify?I'm not sure about the latter part; I doubt future potential war criminals are going reconsider genocide because of Nuremberg (or the ICC, for that matter). I agree, but revenge and sadism are. If you can justify your punishment with something other than the desire to cause harm, then it's retribution. Causing harm because you want to see someone suffer isn't justice though, that is sadism, and it doesn't belong in the legal system no matter how natural or good it feels. I have never argued that revenge should be the *exclusive* reason for the death penalty.  I've simply said that it's a legitimate feeling and should play a part in our moral and legal decision-making.  If nothing else, by acknowledging that the victim's family and friends want retributive satisfaction, the State can ensure some restraint in carrying out that sentence.  The problem with revenge isn't that it's unjustified; justification is part of its appeal.  The problem is that it's almost always excessive, absent the constraints law provides. We do not punish them differently because we want to make the victims feel better, we punish them differently because the motive of the thief makes a difference. Someone facing extreme poverty isn't stealing because he has a wanton disregard for the rights of others, he did so because he was desperate. Because of the difference in motive, different punishments should be employed. But we evaluate those motives differently in part because of outrage in the latter case and sympathy in the former.  In other words, our desire to punish "wanton disregard for the rights of others" has a retributive edge to it.   The whole point of sending that message is to communicate to other people that this is what happens when you do bad things, isn't it? Then it sounds like you're arguing that we're executing people to deter others from committing crimes. No, I don't think you could send that message.  The death penalty can only speak to the abhorrence with which we view the crimes actually committed.  It probably says little to nothing about future hypothetical crimes. This is just moving the goalposts. How do we as a democratic society determine what the morally correct amount of revenge? "Voting" is not an answer - I'm asking how should we determine which way to vote. By having discussions like this one.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 That said, I'm willing to accept that occasionally innocents will be executed.I wonder if you would have that belief if you were behind bars and on death row for a murder you didn't commit.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
...Or if OP were the spouse of a murder victim? I get that you're taking into consideration the views of innocents with wrongful convictions, but there's more than that view to consider.Besides, [Socrates accepted his death penalty in that same situation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crito).	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
But he didn't accept the legitimacy of the death penalty as a method, or even the ruling of the case, just that the ruling in the case was law and as a citizen of Athens he had to accept it whether he agreed with it or not.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
I probably should have clarified it more. I just meant to say that a person's perspective of whether a law is justified or not may not always reflect the person's status as the convicted party. Bigbuddhabelly's implication that a convicted person would feel negatively toward a death penalty isn't necessarily true.It's not the strongest connection, I know.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
I don't relish it or think we should try to increase these cases.  It's merely a concession to reality.  Do you think the police should be disarmed, because occasionally innocents are shot?  Do you think we should surrender in every war, because innocents might be killed?  What exactly is your point?	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
  What exactly is your point?My point is its called the JUSTICE SYSTEM. There is no justice in killing innocents because we might also kill criminals in the process.Look at the middle east. Those small villages we destroy with drone strikes, they just create more anti-american hate because they see themselves as victims of american military might.Then when Islamists show up and preach about how America seeks the destruction of the middle east, those orphans who lost their parents to the drone strikes sit and listen. My point is theres a right way and a wrong way.What you are talking about is the equivalent of turning our justice system into chemotherapy.Yeah we might kill a few healthy cells but at least the cancer dies.The problem is this cancer doesn't spread, if we have them in prison then its isolated.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
You danced around the other questions I posed.  How far are you willing to take this rejection of the doctrine of double effect?  Would you disarm the police?  Would you surrender in every war?	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
Theres no need to disarm the cops, you instead punish the shitty ones who go around shooting unarmed people.Theres no need to surrender in war when you are actually fighting a war. No chasing people with no uniforms through the deserts of Afghanistan. Real wars do not deal out numbers like this. Since we have been in Iraq more than a million people have died, if we were trying to save people we failed miserably.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
Even with the best police and military in the world, it's foreseeable that innocents will sometimes be killed.  You can still defend these institutions as legitimate.  That's the doctrine of double effect.  Do you agree with that or not?	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
I agree with justice, I don't agree with killing innocent people in the pursuit of justice. Thats not how criminal justice works. 	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
Then you'd disarm the police, because occasionally even well-trained officers accidentally kill innocent people.  And you'd surrender to every enemy, because in every war, civilians are sometimes killed, even when disciplined soldiers try to avoid it.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
but how many people are potentially saved by police having guns? then look at your example and tell me, how many people are saved by killing people with an electric chair, compared to just putting them into prison?	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 but how many people are potentially saved by police having guns?I have no idea.  A non-trivial number of police shootings every year involve officers accidentally shooting themselves.  I actually think there's a stronger argument for disarming the police than abolishing the death penalty (for one thing, the latter case offers a trial).  But if you've noticed, I have never justified the death penalty on deterrence grounds, because the argument there is frankly too muddled either way.  It's an impossible question to resolve.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
The argument I've always made against the death penalty is the pragmatic argument: [it's far too costly](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penalty). A lot more legal proceedings are involved for criminals facing the death penalty than for those facing a life sentence, and those trials require a ton of money.Is it worth 3-4 times the cost of a life sentence just to zap a guy?Edit: [more argument-oriented evidence](http://www.deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=42) on the cost of the death penalty	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
I don't particularly care about cost.  The criminal justice system shouldn't be run like a fried chicken restaurant, and a capital case deserves exhaustive appeal.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
I think it's something worth caring about. A country or state only has a finite number of resources. Is it worth financially draining an economy, thus compromising the quality of life for *all* citizens (especially the innocent ones!) for the sake of frying a guy? There's many good causes that could use that money: why is the task of bringing a small number of people's life counters lower the more important cause?Let's look at it from a existential perspective, then. We all die eventually. Whether or not a prisoner is sentenced to death after a few years of prolonged court trials or after a lifetime in some god-awful prison, that prisoner will die. What makes bringing that death date closer worthwhile?Even better, let's look at it from the perspective of justice, assuming that you want the electric chair to be proper punishment for that person's crimes. Is termination of life really suitable revenge? Why isn't a life sentence proper revenge? It'd not only be an environment that requires and facilitates the deprivation of freedoms that one once had, but it'd be prolonged.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 I think it's something worth caring about. A country or state only has a finite number of resources. Is it worth financially draining an economy, thus compromising the quality of life for all citizens (especially the innocent ones!) for the sake of frying a guy? There's many good causes that could use that money: why is the task of bringing a small number of people's life counters lower the more important cause?I'm not convinced that death penalty appeals are bankrupting the country, or that they merit anywhere near this level of hilarious panic (your argument could be applied to spending on virtually anything).  If you want to cut government waste, there are plenty of other places to look besides ensuring fair trials.  I'm not comfortable with throwing people in prison for life *just to save money.* Let's look at it from a existential perspective, then. We all die eventually. Whether or not a prisoner is sentenced to death after a few years of prolonged court trials or after a lifetime in some god-awful prison, that prisoner will die. What makes bringing that death date closer worthwhile?This is also a justification for murder.  The victim was going to die anyway.  What makes bringing that death date closer so awful? Even better, let's look at it from the perspective of justice, assuming that you want the electric chair to be proper punishment for that person's crimes. Is termination of life really suitable revenge? Why isn't a life sentence proper revenge? It'd not only be an environment that requires and facilitates the deprivation of freedoms that one once had, but it'd be prolonged.Because the murderer still has a life, and the victim doesn't.  Because the murderer will still be able to smile, and laugh, and dream, and even cry, and the victim won't.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 I'm not convinced that death penalty appeals are bankrupting the country, or that they merit anywhere near this level of hilarious panic (your argument could be applied to spending on virtually anything). If you want to cut government waste, there are plenty of other places to look besides ensuring fair trials. I'm not comfortable with throwing people in prison for life just to save money.Am I right in assuming we're talking about the U.S. here? We're already having significant financial troubles, and *need* to cut back where we can. While politicians and economists argue over what exactly the downside is to excessive government spending, it's agreed that it's not good for anyone.Yes, this argument can certainly be applied to a lot of government actions that require billions of dollars. But unlike government funding to, for example, keep public facilities operating, support seniors, or back up national defense, the goal of killing a very small number of people is hardly worth spending billions of dollars. It's cost-benefit analysis: is killing a very small number of guys worth the economic cost?That said, your other points are actually well-argued. I hadn't read your comment about Leopold until afterward, and it's not a bad point. You live up to your title.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 Am I right in assuming we're talking about the U.S. here? We're already having significant financial troubles, and need to cut back where we can. While politicians and economists argue over what exactly the downside is to excessive government spending, it's agreed that it's not good for anyone.Our financial problems come more from bailing out Wall Street, not from spending money on essential public services like fair courts.  And I'm not convinced that austerity's necessarily been a good response to the financial crisis.   Yes, this argument can certainly be applied to a lot of government actions that require billions of dollars. But unlike government funding to, for example, keep public facilities operating, support seniors, or back up national defense, the goal of killing a very small number of people is hardly worth spending billions of dollars. It's cost-benefit analysis: is killing a very small number of guys worth the economic cost?Except that those costs come from the appeals process, not from the execution itself.  And those are costs that should be paid in life imprisonment cases too.  It's abhorrent that an innocent person should suffer for any crime. That said, your other points are actually well-argued. I hadn't read your comment about Leopold until afterward, and it's not a bad point. You live up to your title.Thanks, that's very kind of you to say.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 Our financial problems come more from bailing out Wall Street, not from spending money on essential public services like fair courts. And I'm not convinced that austerity's necessarily been a good response to the financial crisis.Perhaps, but my larger point is just that unnecessary programs that take billions of government dollars harm society. Even if the billions of dollars spent on legal proceedings for the death penalty is negligible (which seems to be what you're suggesting), when we consider the subject of whether or not to have the death penalty from a cost-benefit perspective (loss of government money negatively affecting economy vs. "justice" to an incredibly small number of people), enforcing the death penalty is just not worth doing.Granted, as you've suggested, cost-benefit analysis may not be the most appropriate perspective to take on the administering of justice, but it's not an unimportant one. Except that those costs come from the appeals process, not from the execution itself. And those are costs that should be paid in life imprisonment cases too.Ah, but it isn't. That cost is not nearly as great for life sentences. [This source](http://www.deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=42), while biased, gives some estimates of amounts saved in legal proceedings if governments enforced life without parole rather than corporal punishment.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
Correct me if I'm wrong, but the costs all come down to special procedural safeguards a death penalty trial requires, right?  I haven't seen a single one listed that I don't think should *also* feature in a trial for life imprisonment.  If anything, the increased rigor of death penalty trials might be an argument in their favor.  I wish life imprisonment trials were taken as seriously.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
IIRC the electric chair isn't even an effective means of execution. If you want to be sure they are going to die then there are much better executions methods to use.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
Absent more than your tenuous recollection, I'm not exactly persuaded.  Sorry.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
In order to hold this position you must admit that there is something inherently good about the infliction of pain for pain's sake. Most people hold the position that pain is only viable as a means to a greater end. But in your situation the electric chair is clearly causing more pain than is necessary for no other reason than to cause pain. This is called retributive justice, and I don't think it's a morally defensible position.   the State is taking revenge.The state is not taking revenge, it's removing someone who obviously cannot function in a modern society. And it's also enacting the death penalty as a means of deterrence to observers (although most studies show the deterrence effect is insignificant with the death penalty). Our justice system does not cause harm just for the sake of harm.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 In order to hold this position you must admit that there is something inherently good about the infliction of pain for pain's sake. Most people hold the position that pain is only viable as a means to a greater end. But in your situation the electric chair is clearly causing more pain than is necessary for no other reason than to cause pain. This is called retributive justice, and I don't think it's a morally defensible position.I'm not advocating torture.  I'm merely disputing that "no cruel and unusual punishment" means "the most comfortable means possible."  Executions should be staged with great dramatic moral force.  They should make it absolutely clear that the State, after careful reflection, has deliberately decided to exact the ultimate penalty.  Timothy McVeigh called his lethal injection "state-assisted suicide."  He had a point.  Euthanasia isn't the same thing as execution. This is called retributive justice, and I don't think it's a morally defensible position.Well, thank you, Pope Francis.  I think retributive justice has a legitimate moral purpose, if only to prevent vigilante killing (as happens to some lifers in prison).  I'm much more comfortable with the State sending Ted Bundy to the chair than I am with Jeffrey Dahmer being bludgeoned to death by another murderer. The state is not taking revenge, it's removing someone who obviously cannot function in a modern society.That's purpose of an insane asylum, not a prison And it's also enacting the death penalty as a means of deterrence to observers (although most studies show the deterrence effect is insignificant with the death penalty). I've never argued the deterrence point; it seems to me a wash either way.  Not convinced either side could prove their case on that point. Our justice system does not cause harm just for the sake of harm.Nobody's arguing this.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
  I'm not advocating torture. I'm merely disputing that "no cruel and unusual punishment" means "the most comfortable means possible."Yes you are. If you are inflicting pain as an end in itself rather than as a mean than it is wanton torture.  Well, thank you, Pope Francis.There's no need to resort to off-base ad hominem.  I think retributive justice has a legitimate moral purpose, if only to prevent vigilante killing (as happens to some lifers in prison). I'm much more comfortable with the State sending Ted Bundy to the chair than I am with Jeffrey Dahmer being bludgeoned to death by another murderer.So we should brutally murder people by strapping them to a chair and electrocuting them just to make sure they don't get brutally murdered by someone else in jail? This would make a little more sense if you weren't advocating such a barbaric method like the electric chair. But even then, you seem to be in favor of a lengthy appeals process which puts those on death row in prison where they can be vigilante murdered anyways. Finally, retributive justice means punishing because that person deserves punishment. As soon you add another reason it's no longer retributive justice.  That's purpose of an insane asylum, not a prison.More than one thing can serve the same purpose. Reminding me that asylums exist doesn't change the function of the death penalty. It's simply a cheaper way of removing those who can't function properly.  I've never argued the deterrence point; it seems to me a wash either way. Not convinced either side could prove their case on that point.Of course they can, it's relatively straight forward to show the effect of increased/harsher punishment on crime rates, there just isn't much of an effect for the death penalty. Obviously the justice system as a whole serves a deterrent effect.  Nobody's arguing this.What? That's your whole argument, that we should resort to more brutal and ancient methods of controlled murder in order to exact revenge. Revenge and causing harm for the sake of harm are the same thing.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
Why would killing someone be better than say, keeping them in solitary confinement? 	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
Because a murderer shouldn't enjoy the life he took from his victim(s).	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
Nobody enjoys their life in solitary confinement. Either way, I think it's detrimental for our society to have such a vengeful view. We should encourage second chances, forgiven people etc. I know, I know, killing is a horrible thing, but why exactly should we kill these people besides the fact that we're angry at them? Does it help anybody? Does it make the person dying somehow more ok? No, it's just killing because we're upset, and that's not how we should treat killing someone. How much more moral is it to execute someone out of spite or anger or revenge than to murder someone for the same reasons?	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 Nobody enjoys their life in solitary confinement.The murderer in solitary confinement might have one happy day.  Might have a day when the food tastes better than usual, or their cot feels a little more comfortable.  Might have a day when sunlight throngs the glass or the sound of rain stirs up memories of schooldays.  Not much in a long wasteland of years, I'll grant, but one more than the victim will ever get. Either way, I think it's detrimental for our society to have such a vengeful view. We should encourage second chances, forgiven people etc. I know, I know, killing is a horrible thing, but why exactly should we kill these people besides the fact that we're angry at them?Because they took something irreplaceable.  Because their victims never get a second chance at anything.  Because only killing them is commensurate with the horror of the crime. How much more moral is it to execute someone out of spite or anger or revenge than to murder someone for the same reasons?I'm sorry, at what point did the victim do anything to deserve murder?  At what point did the victim receive a trial?  Or an appeals process?  No, I can't accept this lazy analogy between one selfish person's decision to kill, and the State's retaliation for that act.  It's a moral equivalence too far.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
Every point your making is assuming that people think in a really vengeful way. "Not much in a long wasteland of years, I'll grant, but one more than the victim will ever get."This assumes the victim would honestly want their murdered to never be happy again. If I was murdered, I would want the guy to change. To make up for it.  "Because only killing them is commensurate with the horror of the crime."This is just a harmful way to go about life. To try to get everyone to commensurate rather than learn to be better. This is why people think hitting their children is okay, this is why drunk people get in bar fights. Nobody wins. It all boils down to..."He did something bad, now I want bad things to happen to him"It's god damn childish. I'm sorry, but as a species, this is not how we move forward. 	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 Every point your making is assuming that people think in a really vengeful way. It's assuming that vengeance has a role in determining an appropriate penalty, sure. This assumes the victim would honestly want their murdered to never be happy again. If I was murdered, I would want the guy to change. To make up for it. It assumes nothing about what the victim wants.  It merely states the cold fact that a murderer took something the victim can never have, and that even a life in solitary confinement preserves exactly what the murder victim doesn't have--life.That said, I have no objections to potential murder victims filing notarized statements requesting their potential murderers not be executed. This is just a harmful way to go about life. To try to get everyone to commensurate rather than learn to be better. This is why people think hitting their children is okay, this is why drunk people get in bar fights. Nobody wins. It all boils down to...No, I think a penalty should take into account exactly what the victim lost.  And especially if, like me, you have no hope of an afterlife, then it's clear the murder victim has lost *everything.*  This has nothing to do with drunken barfights or spanking brats.  Frankly, I'm appalled you'd trivialize the grief and rage bereaved families feel like that. It's god damn childish. I'm sorry, but as a species, this is not how we move forward. 15-year-old Charles Otero came home from school to find his father and mother bound, gagged, and suffocated with plastic bags over their heads. He found his baby brother in another room, also bound, gagged, and with three hoods over his head.  He found his sister Josephine, all of 11 years old, partially nude and hanging from a drainpipe.  The killer wrote letters to the police, graphically describing his crimes.  Here's one excerpt: " I was go-ng to tape the boys and put plastics bag over there head like I did Joseph, and Shirley. And then hang the girl. God-oh God what a beautiful sexual relief that would been. Josephine,when I hung her really turn me on; her pleading for mercy then the rope took whole, she helpless; staring at me with wide terror fill eyes the rope getting tighter-tighter."Three decades later, after killing more people and sending more letters, Dennis Rader was caught and convicted.  Charles Otero, now grown up, has stated that Mr. Rader should "get a little room on death row."  You may think that's "childish" of him and holding up the progress of the species, but I'm inclined to forgive Mr. Otero for being human.Dennis Rader received life without parole.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
 It's assuming that vengeance has a role in determining an appropriate penalty, sure.What else would be playing a role if we're killing the guy? 'he killed him, he should be killed''he did x, we should do x to him'That's what revenge is. No, I think a penalty should take into account exactly what the victim lost.'take into account' doesn't mean recreate unto the offender.  I'm appalled you'd trivialize the grief and rage bereaved families feel like that.I wasn't equating murder to a bar fight. I'm saying the thought process of 'kill this guy because he killed someone' is the same thought process that causes bar fights. (He shoved me, I'll shove him back.) It assumes nothing about what the victim wants....That said, I have no objections to potential murder victims filing notarized statements requesting their potential murderers not be executed.What I meant by "it assumes the victim wants.." was, the reason you're giving for killing people isn't something objectively helpful. It's a personal thing. It's what you think is fair. Fair for who? I guess the victim right? They're the one who lost something, so the point of taking that thing from the killer would be to pacify the victim, or at least to pacify someone. Since no one is practically benefiting from the killer dying, they're dying so other people can feel justice has been served. So saying we should kill the killer, assumes that people think 'justice' means taken what they took from the victim (aka revenge). I'm telling you, a lot of people don't find comfort in revenge of giving people a taste of their own medicine. 15-year-old Charles Otero came home from school to find his...You're really gonna use this example to try and say *all* murderers deserve to die? Sure, this guy isn't going to redeem himself, but this is probably less than half a percent of how all murders actually happen.	Death Penalty should be done by the electric chair
No case is ever totally indisputable.In America we have executed many people who have later been found innocent, or at least there was a reasonable doubt that they committed the crime.You have to remember that DNA proves you were there, camera's can show someone who looks like you, and even confessions are extremely untrustworthy. These are far from indisputable evidence. Maybe 99 out of a 100 cases with all of those pieces of evidence are guilty, there is still the 1 out of that 100 that is innocent and could be you.Since we have so many criminals who are sentenced to life in prison but are then later found innocent it make absolutely no sense to believe that they should be executed. Also it is not inhumane or cruel. As our prisoners have the ability to kill themselves. It's not exactly difficult to jump off a high building or tell the wrong gang one thing. If people preferred death they could take that choice.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
∆You are right. There is no such thing really as an indisputable case. But what really changed my mind was the fact that prisoners do indeed have the option to kill themselves, I have never considered that. I guess my original feeling on the issue stemmed from the fact that I personally, would rather die than face life in prison.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/CANOODLING_SOCIOPATH. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/CANOODLING_SOCIOPATH)]^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][[Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeltaBot/)]	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 [...] Our prisoners have the ability to kill themselves. It's not exactly difficult to jump off a high building or tell the wrong gang one thing. If people preferred death they could take that choice.I dunno about that. None of those options offer a guaranteed death, and most of them have a significant risk of merely injuring yourself, making your continued survival even worse. Also, once you've failed, making another attempt will be far harder.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
I've heard quite a few stories of people who tried to kill themselves, and then got forced into a suicide-prevention room of some sort.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
So what stops there being a certain time before you can be executed? For example, 5-10 years without a change in your case nets you death. A bit like an animal impound. Not that I'm comparing prisoners to animals, but they should have known better.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
There is no time limit.People are exonerated after 50 years in prison.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
One big reason is the fallibility of the judicial system. In fact, this reason alone is enough to instantly set me against the death penalty. Even the most clear-cut case has some room for error, and if the suspect is executed then was found innocent by some new evidence or an otherwise overturned conviction, it's too late to release him or to make things right. The state would be entirely at fault in an innocent person's death.Plus, since so many murderers get life in prison, if they were all sentenced to death instead we'd be essentially trading lives. I don't think one death equals another. Then again, I don't think the state is justified in killing people out of some kind of sense of vengeance or punishment, so YMMV.Furthermore, suppose a convict would rather spend his natural life in prison than be executed. Wouldn't that be anyone's natural inclination, to live for as long as possible irrespective of where? Would you have him put to death anyway?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Nice to see someone who doesn't have an "eye-for-an-eye" view on punishment.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The reason is linked with the principle of providing a defense attorney even if you can't afford one yourself, and why the degree of punishment is linked to the quality of the case against the defendant. In order to put a death sentence on the table, the evidence against the defendant is held to a substantially higher standard than even life imprisonment or a lesser sentence.In order to kill someone, our culture wants to feel that it did the very best it could to establish the justification for it. Furthermore, we all want to feel that our justice system is servicing _us_ as potential defendants. Even if life in prison is miserable, we fear death far much more, especially if we haven't experienced prison yet.If life imprisonment is simplified to a death penalty, then the standard of evidence for the death penalty would either be meaningless, or the standard of evidence for life imprisonment would have to be increased, making it harder to convict and therefore allowing more guilty defendants to go free.There is the possibility for commutation of sentence, parole, appeals and so-forth. The appeals process (which is automatic for the death penalty), as it stands, already guarantees a decade or more of life before the big switch is finally thrown. What we want from our justice system is protection not just from individuals who break the law, but protection from the justice system itself. Therefore, we must regulate its power and accept the consequences.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
So you think euthanasia is a good thing?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Evidence is never indisputable. As a law student i always cringe when common people think that cases are always so simple	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
As a law grad who passed the bar, let's not call non-lawyers 'common people.'(The preferred nomenclature is 'laypeople,' Dude, please.)	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
So you believe that imprisoning someone for life is inhumane and cruel, but killing them is not? Why is that? I can see how it may be less cruel in some aspects, but is more cruel than others. People wouldn't fight the death penalty so hard if it wasn't somehow worse than life imprisonment.On the other hand, killing them "gets them off the hook" so to speak. Keeping them imprisoned is far worse, but not inhumane or cruel, punishment than killing them. They are forced to live their lives knowing that they did something wrong and they are now going to suffer the consequences for the reminder of their natural life.Being in prison doesn't mean that they're stuck in solitary confinement, unable to access anything for entertainment, and left unfed. Prisoners, unless they grossly violate the rules, are given access to at the very least books and education, if not the internet, secondary education (many prisoners earn degrees in prison), television, movies, even some allow them to play video games. They're allowed visits from friends and family. They are allowed to socialize with other prisoners. They're fed 3 times a day. They are clothed and sheltered. I can see how your argument may hold water if we had labor camps where they lived out in pup tents in Montana cutting grass all day or something but that's not the case.Prisoners can contribute to society. They could become writers or artists. They could get an education and publish articles about their fields of study. They could educate others on why not to do illegal things and show them what the prison system is like. They could knit sweaters for rescue dogs.Basically I think you're really overblowing what it means to be imprisoned. By no means is it a fabulous way to live, and sometimes it is downright dangerous and violent. However, to decide that anyone imprisoned for life should essentially be taken out back and put down is extreme, especially because the justice system is not 100% accurate and some of these people may be wrongfully executed.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The problem with the death penalty is that the justice system doesn't always work. People often get wrongly convicted. Not everyone in prison deserves the sentence they get. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
On my phone, so my point is quick:  you're expecting way too much out of evidence. We very rarely have smoking gun evidence, and therefore most cases are going to have arguable alternatives based on conflicting or ambiguous evidence presented. The gatekeeper for evidence is relevance, i.e., is it material and probative, not "Is it damning?"Moreover, you're ignoring important procedural considerations. Due process, for example, is largely procedural. Under your proposal, a criminal defendant could conceivably have had his right to due process violated, such as some evidence getting to the jury without proper notice,  depriving his defense of the meaningful ability to rebut the prosecution. What if that rebuttal was the difference between the prosecutor meeting his burden of proof - beyond a reasonable doubt - or not?Many of these issue cannot be raised until an appeal, hence, despite cost, why the exhaustive appeals process is so important.Ignoring Constitutional and proportionality issues, the merit of your proposal requires infallibility of the court system, and no amount of qualification changes that fact because your expectations of the justice system are, at best, naive and misinformed. At worst, it's sweeping the *rights* and *lives* of criminal defendants under the rug because of a disconcerting weight on cost over each of those.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 I honestly believe life sentences in our American prison system is inhumane and cruel. Not only will these people never have a chance to contribute to society, they will never leave their prison with the exception of their death.That's a reason to allow people the option of killing themselves (or to reform the system, if possible), not for executing them without their consent.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Are you talking about all life terms? Or only a specific crime? What about such life imprisonments from mandatory sentence laws like the California Three Strike laws or the Georgia Two Strike law? Majority of those serving life sentences with either of those laws are low level drug offenders or non-violent offenders. Wh	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Here's a copy and paste from what I said in another similar thread:I'm not going to downvote you, because I used to agree with you.  I had a coworker change my view a few years ago, and I hope to change yours.Let's look at execution as a purely ethical issue.  Let's pretend that it doesn't matter the financial cost, it doesn't matter if it's warranted or just, it doesn't matter if it is an effective deterrent to crime, and let's forget the justice vs. vengeance issue - those are all valid debates on their own.  But there is still an ethical problem with execution that would exist even of all those pointed to execution as being a good idea: unless we have a 100% perfect justice system where we never, ever convict an innocent person, it's unethical to execute **any** criminal.If one man is wrongly executed, then his blood is on our hands.  We as a society will have murdered one of our own innocent citizens.  [There are many instances where somebody on death row was exonerated for one reason or another](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/innocence-list-those-freed-death-row), but if there were only one it would be cause enough to abolish the death penalty.  Our justice system is imperfect, and it's never going to be perfect.  Jurors and judges can make bad decisions.  Racism is still an issue in America.  There are bad lawyers out there.  DNA evidence changed things, and we cannot predict what new technologies and methods to proving guilt or innocence may come in the future.  Life in prison with no change of parole for an innocent man at the very least removes the chance that we may murder an innocent man and "merely" take away his freedom, and at best gives that man a chance at later having his innocence proven.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 Life in prison with no change of parole for an innocent man at the very least removes the chance that we may murder an innocent man and "merely" take away his freedom, and at best gives that man a chance at later having his innocence proven.If he dies in prison, presumably earlier than he would otherwise, isn't that the same thing? It certainly gives us a chance to prove him innocent, but at the end of the day he still died as a result of the punishment.Personally, I don't care much for life sentences without the possibility of parole. Prison is the place we send you to treat you for committing crimes - no possibility for parole shows no faith in our ability to treat you. Even if you are denied parole 15 times in 60 years in prison, you at least had the chance to turn it around and prove that you can contribute to society again.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Just because you would rather die than stay the rest of your life in prison doesn't mean that other people would. I someone wants to kill himself they can do it in prison as well, but it should be their choice.Other than that, one might find peace in strange places like prison. He should have that right as long as he doesn't hurt anyone. He would have a lot of time for introspection. In a sense the person in prison for life is more free than us, given he has a lot of time to do nothing. If we try to do nothing for too long we get ridiculed, homeless, get diseases and so on. I know some people cannot stand to do nothing but there are other people who search this in life like monks.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
   heard before (no sources, sorry, but I'm sure someone can dig it up) that lethal injections cost more than keeping someone for life in prison (this may be completely incorrect, but does not invalidate the following argumentThis is completely incorrect.  The 'cost' of the death penalty comes from things like mandatory appeals and all the extra legal steps needed before we an execution can take place.  It's not the actual cost of the drugs.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 this may be completely incorrect, but does not invalidate the following argumentEven if the drugs were not very pricey, they are still more expensive than ammunition	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The drugs are more humane, so the slight increase in cost is worth it. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Drugs are as humane as a correct gunshot to the head is.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
It's impossible to have your view changed if you believe this. Someone who makes that claim has to be very insensitive to violence.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Drugs are as humane as a correct gunshot to the head is.Correct being the operative word. If you miss the person is caused immense suffering. People make mistakes and the process of lethal injection is in part designed to avoid that. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Well, I was assuming the executioner would either be touching the persons head with the barrel or maybe a foot or two away, but there's no missing that.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
You should probably google gunshot wounds to the face. People have missed at point blank range. On others and themselves. There are a whole host of physical and psychological factors which would increase the chance of missing, here. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Point blank is different than touching, however. And if it is touching, if that is considered point blank by some definitions, there is no way you can miss, especially if it's your job.Yes, many people may have some other factors that may effect you, but if you're an EXECUTIONER and you did this as a job, I'd say its virtually impossible to miss a shot like that.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Not necessarily.  For example, the body is far less damaged by drugs (a small puncture compared to a potentially destroyed, unrecognizable head), which could easily cause concerns for the family of the deceased when it comes to funerals and so forth.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
It's the criminal's fault for committing the crime. If he didn't want his family to see his messed up head (or lack thereof) , then he wouldn't have done the crime. Even if it made it to the funeral stage, I'm sure the event would be closed-casket. The family retains the full independence to just, you know, not look.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
People don't forfeit all their rights when they commit crimes, unless you live in an insane Orwellian dystopia.  The state cannot simply do whatever they please with a person simply because the person is guilty.  Furthermore you're also making the absurd assumption that everyone who is executed is truly guilty.My point was about the family, not about the criminal, anyway.  His concerns are irrelevant.  The family is not guilty and does not deserve to bear the burden for someone else's crimes. Even if it made it to the funeral stage, I'm sure the event would be closed-casket.My point is that it shouldn't be, if they don't want it to be. The family retains the full independence to just, you know, not look.And the justice system retains independence to just, you know, not use an unnecessarily brutal and disfiguring method of execution, when they have a reasonably humane one already.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The basis of my argument was that the person was guilty beyond a reasonable doubt, which is why I listed it in the bullet points above. I am not arguing over the ethics of even issuing a capital punishment, as I listed in the bullet points above. I am simply arguing over the method used once capital punishment is issued. The state cannot simply do whatever they please with a person simply because the person is guilty.If the state (or the court rather) has issued capital punishment, then the criminal will die. As long as it is humane, they are open options. I am arguing that the best option would be gunshot to the head, as it is the most efficient and cheap.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Do it to the heart then. At least their brains can be studied. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  The drugs are more humaneNot lately.  Have you seen the stories and videos of the botched executions?  Also, they can destroy organs such that they cannot be donated.  	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The main cost of execution is housing inmates on death row (more expensive than general population), as well as the exhaustive appeals process for which inmates sentenced to be executed are entitled (and since it's so exhaustive, that's why they often spend a very long time on death row). The actual cost of execution is negligible, and as such, changing the method of execution to one that is cheaper is unlikely to make any significant impact on the total cost of the death penalty. Even if it cost $50,000 to execute someone, which could be saved via your method, do you really think that's going to matter when the approximate cost of a year on death row is ~$90,000 more than for someone sentenced to life (http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penalty -- "The additional cost of confining an inmate to death row, as compared to the maximum security prisons where those sentenced to life without possibility of parole ordinarily serve their sentences, is $90,000 per year per inmate.")? No; since given that number, spending a mere 15 years on death row would be a cost of 1.35 million above and beyond what would have been spent if the sentence were life without parole. And that's not including the time spent by courts and district attorney employees in dealing with appeals, which are more exhaustive than they are even for life without parole.The reason that lethal injections are often preferred is because they are less distressing for those witnessing the execution, very reliable when done correctly, and also because they're much more humane than many other methods.Witnessing someone shot in the head at close range is likely going to be distressing to witnesses. It is not necessarily immediately fatal. And while likely being more humane than something like the electric chair, is definitely much less humane than a lethal injection.Given how incredibly inefficient in both cost and time the death penalty is, it seems quite odd that you'd want to make the most efficient part even more efficient, at the cost of greater distress to witnesses, greater distress to the executioner, and less compassion for the inmate to be executed.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  The reason that lethal injections are often preferred is because they are less distressing for those witnessing the execution,If killing someone in cold blood affects someone that way, maybe they shouldn't do it.  You killed him either way, and for the exact same reason.  You shouldn't feel better because you did it clinically. Witnessing someone shot in the head at close range is likely going to be distressing to witnesses.Good.  Their purpose is to witness and attest to the death.  It shouldn't be sugarcoated for them.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Death row will cost the same regardless. Although the price difference in changing execution methods may not be large enough to match up to the cost of housing people in death row, there is STILL a savings. Which means that it is both more efficient and cheaper. The reason that lethal injections are often preferred is because they are less distressing for those witnessing the execution, very reliable when done correctly, and also because they're much more humane than many other methods.Well, if you don't want to watch it, don't watch it. Simple as that.I'm sure a gunshot to the head (provided the correct caliber and bullet were used) is very reliable, and if it's near instant then it is humane. Witnessing someone shot in the head at close range is likely going to be distressing to witnesses. It is not necessarily immediately fatal. And while likely being more humane than something like the electric chair, is definitely much less humane than a lethal injection.As I've said, don't look and use the correct gun and bullet. Given how incredibly inefficient in both cost and time the death penalty is, it seems quite odd that you'd want to make the most efficient part even more efficient, at the cost of greater distress to witnesses, greater distress to the executioner, and less compassion for the inmate to be executed.You can never be too efficient, don't witness if you don't want to see it, find the right executioner, and compassion has no place in law.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
But why do you feel it is wrong to say "We prefer to do executions this way even if it is a tiny bit less efficient than doing them another way, even though it offers no real benefit" and feel perfectly alright with saying "We prefer to execute people, even though it is massively less efficient than not doing so, even though it offers no real benefit"?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The benefit is being cheaper.And I am not arguing for the ethics or morals behind killing or not killing people in the name of the law, purely pointing out my view that **AFTER** capital punishment has already been decided, what method best to use.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I'm trying to draw a parallel between the two. Lethal injection doesn't really make much of a difference to anything, but it's a little more comfortable for some people that we use it, so we justify the minor expense.The death penalty doesn't really make any positive difference, but some people prefer that we do it so we justify the huge expense.If we're OK with spending a lot extra because some people just want it that way, why aren't you OK with spending a little extra because some people just want it that way?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I apologize if I'm not getting something, but I don't follow.* Person is convicted of bad crime, person is sentenced death penalty.* Person is going to die anyways, so might as well save money.That's how I see it, where is the flaw?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
* People feel a little bit better if we use lethal injection instead of gunshots.Do you think that, on principle, it isn't worth spending a little bit of extra money to make people feel a little bit better about something that doesn't really matter?Let me ask you to clarify something, which of these two statements would you agree with more:A: if the assumption that the death penalty has no real benefit is true, it wouldn't matter to my argument.B: whether the death penalty has any benefit matters somewhat for the purpose of this argument.If B is true, then while you aren't here to debate the rightness or wrongness of the death penalty, it is still relevant to your argument, so we should be able to talk about that.If A is true, then it seems we can justify the death penalty on grounds that it gives people a sense of justice by itself. What I'm primarily getting at is that *this* is the same kind of reasoning by which people decide to use lethal injection instead of bullets. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Do you think that, on principle, it isn't worth spending a little bit of extra money to make people feel a little bit better about something that doesn't really matter?Yes, it is not worth spending greater money.I would agree with B more, but do not understand your analysis at the bottom. Yes, death penalty gives people a sense of justice (or to me at least). I do not understand how that justifies lethal injection over bullets.Or am I stupid and missing something again? :(	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The possibility for failure would be unacceptably high. People can survive gunshots to the head. If someone didn't die with the first shot they would be in unimaginable agony. Obviously that would be illegally cruel.It would be horribly traumatizing to the executioner. They would relive the grisly scene for the rest of their life. One of the reasons for firing squads is to make it unclear who actually killed the prisoner. You can hope that you might have fired a blank. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 The possibility for failure would be unacceptably high. People can survive gunshots to the head.Use a large caliber, 7.62 hollow-point if you have to be sure. And if you REALLY wanted to be sure, just move up to even larger calibers. The stories you hear about people surviving headshot wounds are of smaller caliber and non-hollow point bullets. No one survives a .50 caliber shot. It would be horribly traumatizing to the executioner. They would relive the grisly scene for the rest of their life.Aren't there already executioners that do lethal injections? They killed someone anyways. If they really didn't want to see it, put a bag over the person's head so there isn't as much sploosh. If that's not enough, just hire someone that will do it. There are probably some people who would do that for a living. One of the reasons for firing squads is to make it unclear who actually killed the prisoner. You can hope that you might have fired a blank.As stated earlier, just find someone willing. Plenty of people are looking for a job.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I feel like you're downplaying the trauma of shooting another person in the head. That is not something a person will just forget. A bag would do little to alleviate it because the shooter or a doctor would need to pull off the bag and verify the death. Obviously it would be different than pulling the plunger on a needle. Why burden an innocent with that lifelong trauma?Is your suggestion that prisoners be used for target practice a serious one?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Is your suggestion that prisoners be used for target practice a serious one?No I feel like you're downplaying the trauma of shooting another person in the head. That is not something a person will just forget. A bag would do little to alleviate it because the shooter or a doctor would need to pull off the bag and verify the death. Obviously it would be different than pulling the plunger on a needle. Why burden an innocent with that lifelong trauma?There is no doubting that there are people who will shoot someone in the head and witness all of it and have no issues (that are mentally stable, not including sociopaths etc.) Yes, for a lot of people, and probably the vast majority, blowing off someones head would be traumatizing and terrible. I do not doubt that some will be terrified for the rest of their life. All you have to do is find the right person, who wouldn't bat an eye.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  Is your suggestion that prisoners be used for target practice a serious one? No  I feel like you're downplaying the trauma of shooting another person in the head. That is not something a person will just forget. A bag would do little to alleviate it because the shooter or a doctor would need to pull off the bag and verify the death. Obviously it would be different than pulling the plunger on a needle. Why burden an innocent with that lifelong trauma? There is no doubting that there are people who will shoot someone in the head and witness all of it and have no issues (that are mentally stable, not including sociopaths etc.) Yes, for a lot of people, and probably the vast majority, blowing off someones head would be traumatizing and terrible. I do not doubt that some will be terrified for the rest of their life. All you have to do is find the right person, who wouldn't bat an eye.Mary people initially don't believe that they will experience PTSD after having killed someone and they go through conditioning to view the other as an enemy. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Well, create a better interview process. Maybe have past experience or something. And if they do sign up for the job, but realize they can't do it, it's no one's fault but their own. Someone else more qualified will take the job.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
You cannot sign a contract which signs away your capacity let someone murder you. The reason for this is that you cannot sign away your rights legally because it opens the door for abuse. Similarly, creating a set of circumstances in which one is subjected to unnecessary psychological harm opens the door up to abuse.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I am starting to misunderstand your argument. Please clarify?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 The possibility for failure would be unacceptably high. People can survive gunshots to the head. If someone didn't die with the first shot they would be in unimaginable agony. Obviously that would be illegally cruel.At present, [7.1% of lethal injections in the US are botched](http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-28555978).  Some potential side effects of said botching include full-body agony and suffocation while paralyzed, but fully conscious.  A gunshot to the head can either be immediately effective or quickly followed by a second shot. It would be horribly traumatizing to the executioner. They would relive the grisly scene for the rest of their life.Killing someone requires responsibility.  If you can't find someone willing to nut up and pull the trigger, you shouldn't be ordering it in the first place.  That we pretend killing someone with a pistol shot to the back of the head is less civilized than getting a doctor to do it with a tube and a needle is ridiculous.If our society wants to demand violence be done in their name, they should damn well own it.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Throwing the person off a tall building would be less expensive.  Stabbing them in the heart would be less expensive. No cost of bullets. If your goal is to absolutely minimize even the smallest, most negligible cost without regard to any of other concerns, there are cheaper ways than shooting in the head.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Throwing the person off a tall building would be less expensive.I'm assuming you don't mean in public, because that would not be a good idea (public people who don't want to see it will see it, potential massive mess, have to calculate where the body is going to land, too many factors). If you propose that we construct a new building in a private area just to throw people off of, that would be a good idea if not very expensive. Stabbing them in the heart would be less expensive. This is hard to execute correctly every time, the person will always feel a few seconds or even minutes of excruciating pain.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
These issues aren't part of your argument, which seems to be based entirely on cost. I'm just saying that there are cheaper methods than shooting, which seems to be the overriding consideration for you. They're in a prison complex, so it could be a building there.  Doesn't matter who there sees it.Pain doesn't matter, because they'll be dead soon anyway, if I'm understanding the gist of your other responses.  Someone can be trained to do it expertly, if that matters. Stabbing must be less expensive than shooting.The point I'm making is that based on the parameters of your argument, gunshot is not the best choice.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 They're in a prison complex, so it could be a building there. Doesn't matter who there sees it.Unless there is some super fortress prison I don't know of, prisons are not tall enough to die from falling with an acceptable rate of death. Hell, people fall from airplanes and survive. Pain doesn't matter, because they'll be dead soon anyway, if I'm understanding the gist of your other responses. Someone can be trained to do it expertly, if that matters. Stabbing must be less expensive than shooting.No, pain does matter, it should be humane. Yes they will be dead anyways so you have many options, but the options are limited to those which offer a near instant death.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Unless there is some super fortress prison I don't know of, prisons are not tall enough to die from falling with an acceptable rate of death. Hell, people fall from airplanes and survive.Build a tall tower and throw them onto a pit of vertical knives.  Use a chute if you're worried about missing the target.  It can be done in a way that ensures fatality without any recurring cost.  No, pain does matter, it should be humane. Yes they will be dead anyways so you have many options, but the options are limited to those which offer a near instant death.You could run over their head with a dump truck.  Instantaneous, foolproof (certainly more so than a head shot), and zero cost.  Shooting in the head isn't the best option, given the parameters of your argument.If all you care about is cost and being pain-free, shooting in the head isn't the best choice.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Build a tall tower and throw them onto a pit of vertical knives. Expensive, time consuming, and possibly inhumane. You could run over their head with a dump truck. Instantaneous, foolproof (certainly more so than a head shot), and zero cost. Shooting in the head isn't the best option, given the parameters of your argument.If all you care about is cost and being pain-free, shooting in the head isn't the best choice.Unless you were going above the right speed, I imagine it would be very painful and not instantaneous (nothing is instantaneous, just almost instant). It is not foolproof, you can easily miss the head just like you can miss a gunshot. You have to pay for a dump truck and the gas (diesel?), unless you buy a new one and designate it the capital punishment dispenser, which would be more expensive. So not zero cost.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  Expensive, time consuming, and possibly inhumane.Time consuming?  You just march them up the stairs and throw them off.  Or if that takes too much time, just put their cell at the top.  If you're unsure if they'll die, you could tie a rope around their neck before you throw them off.  That wouldn't cost anything. Unless you were going above the right speed, I imagine it would be very painful and not instantaneous (nothing is instantaneous, just almost instant). It is not foolproof, you can easily miss the head just like you can miss a gunshot. You have to pay for a dump truck and the gas (diesel?), unless you buy a new one and designate it the capital punishment dispenser, which would be more expensive. So not zero cost.OK, a train then.  Any regular route near the prison will do.  Head on the rail. Instantaneous. No cost at all.I can't believe we're arguing over this.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Tiring a rope around their neck and throwing them off would be a few split seconds of pain.You are also traumatizing the train conductor, who (probably) did not want to witness that. The conductor may go the rest of their lives thinking it was their fault.If you do not want to change my view, you are free to stop commenting.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Also, the dump truck example would be more time consuming.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Lethal injection itself is not more expensive than life in prison. It's just some chemicals and a syringe.The expense comes from the process of repeated appeals to ensure that a person is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt before an execution occurs.What benefit is there to cutting the costs from what I assume is several thousand dollars and a few hours, down to a few dollars and a few minutes, relatively speaking? That's a drop in the bucket compared to everything else the government does, and it's done in the interest of ensuring the punishment is not cruel and unusual.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
this is talking about method of capital punishment, not capital punishment in and of its self	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
It would probably cost more money to try and change execution method as it would have to be debated on for a while.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Downplaying the cost doesn't change the fact that that it is more efficient.Save money = goodSave time = goodAnyways if you really wanted to get some benefit out of it you can tie the person's hands behind there back and blindfold em, tell them to run around and try to avoid the bullets. Give your local officers some target practice. Not that I'm suggesting this, but this could be done for more "benefits"EDIT: Also, as stated in the 4th bullet, This is all assuming that the criminal is guilty without a reasonable doubt.I am purely arguing for the fact that AFTER the criminal is already guaranteed death, the method that should be used is this.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
People occasionally survive gunshots to the head, also finding someone to fire the shot would be difficult 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Use a large caliber (5.56 or even 7.62, still very cheap per round)I don't think it would be too difficult, I know I would and can probably think of a few friends who would as well. Yes, it may conflict with many peoples' morals, but in the world we live in, plenty of people would do it for a job.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Have you ever killed someone?Also it doesn't pay very well, my friends dad was the guy who flipped the switch for the chair in an NC prison, he was paid $300 for the nightPlus large caliber bullets ensures closed casket, the families don't deserve to lose that	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
No, but I am confident I can.$300 for flipping a switch? Sign me up, I'll flick it until it breaks (figuratively speaking)Tough luck , your kid / sibling / (insert relation here) was a criminal and got punished. Deal with it.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Also a simple Google could have shown you that lethal injection drugs aren't expensive 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
still more expensive than ammunition	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
How much do you think the drugs are?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
More expensive than bullets.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Then why did modern firing squads begin to use wax rounds for 4 of 5 shooters?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Because the executioners were cowards. They didn't want to take responsibility for what they'd done and needed plausible deniability to sleep at night.They had to pretend that they might not have done what they clearly consented to do.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
So if they couldn't find 5 people willing to take the shot then why do you think they could now?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I don't know whether they could or not (though I'm sure the right Craigslist ad could find someone).  If they couldn't, then nobody should be ordering executions.My point is that protecting executioners from what they do or observers (and society) from the death they cause is morally indefensible.  Flipping a switch or pushing a plunger kills a person just as much as shooting or beheading, and we shouldn't try to pretend it isn't.To put it another way: no matter what you think of the death penalty or of the relative humanity of different methods, whether or not it makes observers or executioners feel better shouldn't be part of the issue.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  was a criminal and got punished.Or not. Such a cavalier attitude regarding innocent people being executed all the time.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I've read many comments and I feel the only thing that may be more efficient, deadly, and cheap --since it's reusable-- would be a guillotine.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The cost of a lethal injection is something like $90. All other expenses are the result of legal processes and appeals that would take place even with a gun. We pay a little extra so that there isn't a big mess to clean up afterwards, and to lighten the psychological damage to the executioners. There was a reason that firing squads had most of them using blanks...it's because killing people takes a toll on people. You want to have one guy kill them execution style? You'll be paying a lot more than $90 for therapy sessions. I hope I don't need to point out the...issues... Involved in trying to hire remorseless psychos to kill people.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I disagree with the idea that the best capital punishment is death. Rather public humiliation/stockades where people can peg you with fruit anonymously would likely reduce crime. If you had to stand hunched over 8 hours a day and get pegged by fruit you'd likely never want to commit a crime again after even a short sentence.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 I disagree with the idea that the best capital punishment is death.That's oxymoronic; capital punishment *is* death.  Anything else is not capital punishment.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
As stated in the OP, I am not arguing over the act of choosing capital punishment. Rather, I am arguing for the method used once capital punishment is assigned.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Execution by gunshot is a bit too "militaristic," don't you think? IMO it has too much resemblance to totalitarian extra-judicial killings e.g. in fascist or communist regimes in the 20th century. Don't you think a proper hanging is more traditional and "republican?"  You can do it out in public, outside the courthouse if you want! With gunshots, there are safety hazards and the noise is too loud. Think of the money that would be spent on earplugs and cleanup too. A rope and gallows are reuseable, cleaner, no loud noises, no safety hazards, and it's more traditional and "official" looking. It's the perfect choice.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Execution by gunshot is a bit too "militaristic," don't you think?No Don't you think a proper hanging is more traditional and "republican?" You can do it out in public, outside the courthouse if you want! With gunshots, there are safety hazards and the noise is too loud. Think of the money that would be spent on earplugs and cleanup too. A rope and gallows are reuseable, cleaner, no loud noises, no safety hazards, and it's more traditional and "official" looking. It's the perfect choice.Public hangings open up the execution to people who don't want to see it. In a gunshot-capital punishment situation, the only safety hazards would be when people did not follow procedure. This can be indoors with ear pro or outdoors, and it will only be the executioner and the victim and maybe an overseer present. Cleanup is almost a nonfactor, just put them in a bag or something prior to the shot. **The rope and gallows also make the criminal suffer before their death, which is a huge turn off.**	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The death penalty is no more or less moral or logical than any other form of state-enforced punishment.Take two propositions:1.) A society may (morally and logically) set standards of common behavior, in the form of codified laws.  2.) A society may (morally and logically) penalize those who violate those laws.These are not radical propositions.  Do you object to either?When you accept the above principles, you accept the foundational principles of capital punishment.  You can try to build arguments against *specific* laws (#1) or *specific* penalties (#2), but in the absence of those arguments, which you're simply hand-waving as self-evident, there absolutely is a moral and logical basis for the death penalty -- it's the same basis which underlies the systems of law, justice, and society as a whole.With regards to your ancillary objections: InnocenceConvicting innocent people is an unfortunate byproduct of flaws in the legal system.  It has no relationship to the application of a specific penalty. CostThe inflated costs depicted by anti-death penalty advocates relate to the cost of appeals, not to the cost of enforcement.  It is far, far cheaper to execute someone than it is to incarcerate them indefinitely.  Again, you're pointing at the system that determines guilt or innocence and attributing its failings to an unrelated second process. MoralityYour reasoning is incredibly circular.  It would be wrong for me to kidnap you and lock you in my basement; incarceration in a federal prison is not the same thing.  Likewise, it would be wrong for me to murder you; the death penalty is not the same thing.  You're comparing apples and giraffes. Victims familyAre we supposed to comment on the hypothetical feelings of hypothetical people in a hypothetical situation?  Fine.  "No, the families of murder victims demand vengeance for the loss of their loved ones, and only the application of the death penalty will allow them to put their grief behind them."  See how easy that is? Attorney skillYes, if you have a bad lawyer, trial will go poorly.  If you have a bad accountant, you'll overpay your taxes.  Should we stop collecting taxes?  If you have a bad cab driver, you'll be late to your meeting.  Should we ban taxis?  If you have a bad chef, your dinner won't taste good.  Should we ban restaurants? DeterrenceAh, the old *"Unsourced quote from 'an associate professor of surgery', combined with unattributed editorializing"*...not super impressive.  Does the existence of capital punishment deter random would-be criminals by making them afraid of the possibility of execution?  Probably not.  Does it prevent criminals who are executed from ever committing another crime?  Definitionally. Future TechnologyThis is true of every decision, but in no way does it lead to a rational conclusion of "Well, let's just not take any action, then."Basically, you're hunting with a shotgun here, and you're tossing around some very thin arguments as if they were incontrovertible facts.  That's not persuasive.The best argument against the death penalty is that it's *permanent*, and once it's applied there is no way to later correct errors in its application.  But that, by itself, still isn't enough:Because the chief benefit of the death penalty is that it's *permanent*, and it gives us, as a society, a way to say to a certain category of gross offenders "We're done with you; we don't ever have to think about you ever again -- this is over.".  And that's incredibly valuable -- valuable enough to overcome the costs associated with its permanence.Looking at any human endeavor with a measuring stick of "We can only do [X] if we can do it perfectly." leads nowhere fast; it's a false-standard that is only used to negate actions we don't like for some other reason -- there's literally nothing about modern society that would pass that test, which is why we don't work that way.Instead, the test becomes "Given that we will do [X] imperfectly, is it worth doing based upon our estimates of both the costs and benefits of an imperfect implementation?".  It's a close thing, but as it currently stands, the death penalty still passes that test, even though there is imperfection and injustice in the systems that impose that sentence that we as a society desperately need to address.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  Convicting innocent people is an unfortunate byproduct of flaws in the legal system. It has no relationship to the application of a specific penalty.You're right, it is unfortunate and it will happen. However, this is probably the largest reason why death penalty should be abolished. Killing even a single innocent person is tragic. The inflated costs depicted by anti-death penalty advocates relate to the cost of appeals, not to the cost of enforcement. It is far, far cheaper to execute someone than it is to incarcerate them indefinitely. Again, you're pointing at the system that determines guilt or innocence and attributing its failings to an unrelated second process.The only way it is cheaper to execute someone than to keep them incarcerated indefinitely is if you were to kill them that day, without involving a jail cell. As it stands, they take up more space, require more guards, the execution alone cost a around a million dollars a person.  Your reasoning is incredibly circular. It would be wrong for me to kidnap you and lock you in my basement; incarceration in a federal prison is not the same thing. Likewise, it would be wrong for me to murder you; the death penalty is not the same thing. You're comparing apples and giraffes.How do you argue that killing me or the state killing someone to be two different things? Both involve the murder of someone (Sometimes an innocent person).  Does it prevent criminals who are executed from ever committing another crime? Definitionally[sic].It also prevents innocent people who are executed from every doing anything again. A criminal who is locked up for life will not be committed any more crimes either.  This is true of every decision, but in no way does it lead to a rational conclusion of "Well, let's just not take any action, then."How does locking someone up in prison turn into no action?  valuable enough to overcome the costs associated with its permanence.Sorry, no. As long as innocent people are being found on death-row, killing them will *never* be valuable. We gain nothing out of it.If my arguments are very thin, yours are even less. Innocent people should be the only thing that we worry about in a situation like this. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 The only way it is cheaper to execute someone than to keep them incarcerated indefinitely is if you were to kill them that day, without involving a jail cell.False.  It costs $X per day to incarcerate someone.  When you execute them today, you don't pay $X tomorrow.  From a financial perspective, execution is equivalent to release -- you no longer carry the ongoing costs of indefinite incarceration. the execution alone cost a around a million dollars a person.False.  The number you're referring to is an estimate of the total cost of trial and appeal leading to execution; the actual execution itself is very, very inexpensive -- it's the trials that cost too much. How do you argue that killing me or the state killing someone to be two different things?Because they are different things, and have been understood to be different things for at least several millennia now. Both involve the murder of someoneFalse.  Murder is a specific thing.  Capital punishment is a specific thing.  Those things are not the same thing. A criminal who is locked up for life will not be committed any more crimes either.False.  You seem to be under the misapprehension that no crimes are committed in prison; that is not the case. As long as innocent people are being found on death-row, killing them will never be valuable. We gain nothing out of it.You're re-stating your assertions, and claiming they are evidence.  They aren't. Innocent people should be the only thing that we worry about in a situation like this.Why?  There are innocent people serving life sentences, who will die in prison.  That doesn't mean we shouldn't have life sentences.  If the mere possibility of incorrectly punishing an innocent person is "the only thing we should worry about", how do you propose to maintain a justice system in the first place?I get that you don't like capital punishment on a gut level; that's fine -- there's lots of room for disagreement there.  But when you make grandiose claims like *"No argument for death penalty is moral or logical"*, you've grossly overstepped your ability to defend your position.  (That tends to happen whenever you start by assuming that people who disagree with you haven't actually considered their views.)And you don't even have to take my word for it; just read Plato.  Or Cicero.  Or Adam Smith.  Or John Locke.  Or John Stuart Mill.  Or Goethe.  Or Montaigne.  Or Confucius.  Or Hobbes.  Or Hegel.  Or Rousseau.They all supported capital punishment, and I suspect they could tell you a thing about both morality and logic.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 False. It costs $X per day to incarcerate someone. When you execute them today, you don't pay $X tomorrow. From a financial perspective, execution is equivalent to release -- you no longer carry the ongoing costs of indefinite incarceration.This is the only thing in your entire post that you actually offer as reason to murder someone as punishment. "From a financial perspective," execution is not equivalent to release. I'm not even sure how you can begin to argue that's true, or why you would try, when it's so blatantly false. As OP said, it costs much more than the ongoing cost of indefinite incarceration. This is the truth, at least in the United States.  False. The number you're referring to is an estimate of the total cost of trial and appeal leading to execution; the actual execution itself is very, very inexpensive -- it's the trials that cost too much.Oh, I get it. So you're just ignoring all the actual costs that go into the whole execution. There's a difference between is/ought (which I'm sure you know)—you seem to be arguing from an ought, rather than from the actual is (which is what you ought to be doing). Because they are different things, and have been understood to be different things for at least several millennia now.You didn't say how they're different things. Not that I disagree with you, but once again you're deflecting the actual argument. "They are different things because they are different things" is a useless tautology. Oh, and: You're re-stating your assertions, and claiming they are evidence. They aren't.. False. You seem to be under the misapprehension that no crimes are committed in prison; that is not the case.Granted, but the prisoners aren't outside committing the crime, and I think you'd agree that's preferable, and I think OP would agree that that's the spirit of what they meant. Why? There are innocent people serving life sentences, who will die in prison. That doesn't mean we shouldn't have life sentences.Obviously not the same thing. With life there is the possibility of appeals, and acquittals. Death removes the opportunity for justice to be done, if there is justice to be done. But when you make grandiose claims like "No argument for death penalty is moral or logical", you've grossly overstepped your ability to defend your position. (That tends to happen whenever you start by assuming that people who disagree with you haven't actually considered their views.)The first part is true, but the second part is a pretty unnecessary and insulting ad hominem. And you don't even have to take my word for it; just read Plato. Or Cicero. Or Adam Smith. Or John Locke. Or John Stuart Mill. Or Goethe. Or Montaigne. Or Confucius. Or Hobbes. Or Hegel. Or Rousseau.   They all supported capital punishment, and I suspect they could tell you a thing about both morality and logic.This is a really shitty nonargument (appeal to authority), even if it were wholly true in the spirit you're meaning it to be true (which it is not, and which I'm sure you know it is not).I have never seen such a great example of sophistry. Really, well done.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 to murder someone as punishmentIt's a shame...you wrote all those big words, when right in your first sentence you demonstrated that your argument was unserious.  Such a waste!	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Great reply, well done.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  Many people will tell you that killing someone is wrong. How can you morally justify the murder of someone who is convicted of murder?It is not "killing" per se that is wrong, it is "murder."  Not all killings are murders.  (Legally, murder requires the 1) unlawful 2) killing 3) of a human being 4) by another human being 5) with malicious intent.  Some killings, rightly or wrongly (killings by soldiers in war, by police in arresting violent criminals, by citizens in self-defense, by prison guards to carry out a judicially-approved execution) are sanctioned by law.  Yes, this is a double standard.  When dealing with two different things, different standards for each thing are appropriate.)I'm a lawyer, and a Catholic.  I do not like the death penalty (I think there are grave iniquities in the process by which is applied), but I think it should be retained as a last resort on grounds of marginal deterrence - providing an incentive against murder when no other incentive will work.For a very long time, many people and states applied the death penalty in cases of rape or kidnapping.  Justifications aside, this policy was, as a matter of incentives, counterproductive.  Once you've committed a rape or a kidnapping, you still have a live victim.  If you're already subject to death for what you've done, you have little incentive to let your victim go, and every incentive to kill them so they can't identify you.  There is no "marginal cost" to murder.  (A similar argument can be made against "three strikes laws."  If you've already committed two felonies, why not make your last one a big one?)  No, not all people think like that.  Very few people willingly commit serious crimes, and of those that do, the prospect of prison is deterrence enough.  But we're not talking about those people.  We're talking about people who would see murdering their kidnapping or rape victim as logical and a good idea.  Those are the people the justice system really needs to deter, and they don't respond to morality, or even the threat of prison.  But the prospect of a death sentence *might* (in extreme cases) just be the only incentive that keeps them from committing a further crime.  (It would be even more effective if we'd reform our prisons to be less like anarchic shitholes, but one issue at a time, I guess.)Legislators who design criminal penalties have to take this into account, not just deterring crime overall, but deterring especially heinous crimes with tougher sentences.  Even if a murderer has already committed a dozen murders (as has happened - serial killers, members of organized crime syndicates, etc.) legislators still need to incentivize them to stop before #13.  The typical serial killer or mob boss may be indifferent, but what about the one who is still mulling it over?This is not just a hypothetical.  I remember reading the case that [convinced me of this](https://www.casetext.com/case/us-v-fountain-4).  Two murderers, Fountain and Silverstein, were serving multiple life sentences for other murderers--three each--at the then-maximum security federal prison in Marion, IL (this was before the ADX Supermax).   The two murders involved in these appeals took place on the same October day in 1983. In the morning, Silverstein, while being escorted from the shower to his cell, stopped next to Randy Gometz's cell; and while two of the escorting officers were for some reason at a distance from him, reached his handcuffed hands into the cell. The third officer, who was closer to him, heard the click of the handcuffs being released and saw Gometz raise his shirt to reveal a home-made knife ("shank")--which had been fashioned from the iron leg of a bed--protruding from his waistband. Silverstein drew the knife and attacked one of the guards, Clutts, stabbing him 29 times and killing him. While pacing the corridor after the killing, Silverstein explained that "this is no cop thing. This is a personal thing between me and Clutts. The man disrespected me and I had to get him for it." Having gotten this off his chest he returned to his cell.  Fountain was less discriminating. While being escorted that evening back to his cell from the recreation room, he stopped alongside the cell of another inmate... and reached his handcuffed hands into the cell, and when he brought them out he was out of the handcuffs and holding a shank. He attacked all three guards, killing one (Hoffman) with multiple stab wounds (some inflicted after the guard had already fallen), injuring another gravely (Ditterline, who survived but is permanently disabled), and inflicting lesser though still serious injuries on the third (Powles). After the wounded guards had been dragged to safety by other guards, Fountain threw up his arms in the boxer's gesture of victory, and laughing walked back to his cell.In frustration, the sentencing judge sentenced each murderer to a term of up to 150 years, in an attempt to get around the law which (at the time) required imprisonment for life for murder, but also required offenders with life sentences to be eligible for parole after 10 years.  The court of appeals had to reverse this sentence, as it was beyond the trial judge's power, but in doing so said "the facts cry out for a federal death penalty for prison murders," which (at the time) was not available.Yeah, it would be an extreme remedy for extreme cases.  But sometimes that's all society leaves you with, distateful as it is.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
This is a great post.  I already agree with you (alas), but I had never heard that story before.  Chilling.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
If a person is both an active danger to the lives of everyone around them and somehow competent enough that they can't be prevented from doing that harm (like habitually escapes from prison to kill or manages to kill a guard or more than one occation or has some sort of crazy mastermind shit going) then I am for killing them in order to stop further killing, and I think in this one very limited situation you probably should be, too.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Why would killing them be better than just throwing them in a whole somewhere for 23 hours a day? 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Again, we're assuming supervillain levels of competence where they can't be reliably imprisoned and/or prevented from killing someone.I realize that I am presenting a fairly extreme edge case, but I feel there is a circumstance for it.  I feel that this would be roughly morally the same as self-defence.(Also, while writing this, I realized that what I'm basically saying is that I would have The Joker killed.)	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
If we kill the Joker batman will just take his place. That is why batman never kills him. He needs to stop the Joker unless he becomes bored. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Re: Innocence Is it worth killing people who are convicted of a crime when you may end up killing an innocent person?Is it worth imprisoning people who are convicted of a crime when you may end up imprisoning an innocent person? In my opinion not punishing the innocent is its own issue. What that punishment is, shouldn't matter.But I believe we could also address this by changing rules for capital cases. If there are not multiple actual eyewitnesses, video evidence, DNA, confession or ... I don't know, some guideline we could make to say someone is not just guilty, but undeniably guilty of their crime before the death penalty becomes an option, there would still be some number  0 of cases where there was zero possibility of innocence.Cost: It can cost about 70% more than cases in which LWOP is sought.It *can*. It can also be cheaper. The cost differences are connected to our system of doing it. Is the cost *inherently* higher for death or LWOP? I think if there is any inherent cost differential it would favor the death penalty; with LWOP you still have to take care of the prisoner when they die, you just have a lot of additional expenses between now and then.Morality Many people will tell you that killing someone is wrong. How can you morally justify the murder of someone who is convicted of murder?While valuing life is a common moral precept, most moral systems recognize that there are places where taking a life is morally acceptable. In self-defense or in war, for example. If the predominant moral system holds that it's acceptable to take the life of someone justly convicted of a capital crime, then other than "well morality shouldn't be that way" there's not a legitimate moral reason to oppose it.Victims Family: However, when on death row you have countless and long trials and appeals. The family must be reminded of this horrific event over and over during this period of time, making the pain fresh every time.And if someone is imprisoned for life without parole, how would that be different? The time would be longer, and as far as I know even a sentence without parole still leaves room for appeals.Future technology:So future technology could exonerate someone. What if future tech could also resurrect someone? There's a common thread in scifi that proposes one day humans will be able to back-up our brains and restore them into new bodies ... if that came to be, would the death penalty still be immoral? You could just back someone up, kill them, and if in the future found you had been incorrect, bring them back without missing a beat. If technology reached that point, it seems that would be *more* right than imprisoning someone for life and having them later be exhonorated (though I suppose you could just kill the life-imprisoned one and restore him from a pre-imprisonment backup...)	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  Is it worth imprisoning people who are convicted of a crime when you may end up imprisoning an innocent person? In my opinion not punishing the innocent is its own issue. What that punishment is, shouldn't matter.Obviously something must be done. Unless you have some way to bring back the executed inmates, LWOP will be a far superior way to handle it, in case they *are* innocent.  It can. It can also be cheaper. It can be cheaper, but the way it works in America, it never will be, unless we kill them that day. And now you're going back into the problem that you may murder an innocent person.  If the predominant moral system holds that it's acceptable to take the life of someone justly convicted of a capital crime, then other than "well morality shouldn't be that way" there's not a legitimate moral reason to oppose it.But this *isn't* predominant, this is why most places don't use or got rid of their death penalty.  And if someone is imprisoned for life without parole, how would that be different? The time would be longer, and as far as I know even a sentence without parole still leaves room for appeals.You're right, it does leave room for appeals, by no where near like on Death Row. So future technology could exonerate someone. What if future tech could also resurrect someone? There's a common thread in scifi that proposes one day humans will be able to back-up our brains and restore them into new bodies ... if that came to be, would the death penalty still be immoral? You could just back someone up, kill them, and if in the future found you had been incorrect, bring them back without missing a beat. If technology reached that point, it seems that would be more right than imprisoning someone for life and having them later be exhonorated (though I suppose you could just kill the life-imprisoned one and restore him from a pre-imprisonment backup...)That technology wouldn't help anyone that was killed before it came out, where technology that could prove their innocence could. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  Obviously something must be done.Yes, I'd say that something is not to sentence someone to *anything* unless you've actually *legitimately proven* that they committed the crime in question. If someone can be exonerated on later evidence, that's a sign that the existing evidence or approach to looking at that evidence was bad.... not that the punishment was bad. If you object to innocent people suffering some unjust punishment, the answer should never be to give them another unjust punishment.For example consider the case of the guy who was convicted of murder by arson and executed for it. There wasn't sufficient evidence to convict this guy of arson ... whether he got executed or not, the point should be, don't convict people of arson unless you have legitimate evidence that they were doing arson. Whether he died for it or just lost N years of his free life... no problem acknowledging one was worse than the other, but both are patently unacceptable, aren't they? It can be cheaper, but the way it works in America, it never will be, unless we kill them that day. And now you're going back into the problem that you may murder an innocent person.So if as I mentioned earlier, you only allowed the death penalty in cases where it was proven not just beyond a reasonable doubt, but beyond *any* doubt, you'd be okay with that? I'm talking like, you can make his face out on camera doing the crime, or some other very strongly verifiable thing that we can reasonably expect could not ever be overturned on new discoveries.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
I suppose if you could describe what theory on morality you subscribe to, we'd have a better understanding of why you feel it's immoral.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
You have a chance of killing an innocent person. I don't know a single moral argument that says killing an innocent person (unless you're talking about killing one to say many, but we aren't) is moral.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
When someone gets life without parole, they are much less likely to get exonerated than if they get the death penalty.  A lot of the people on death row who get set free would still be in prison if they received life without parole.  I don't have the numbers in front of me because I'm on my phone, but is this something that might change your mind a little.  I'm not saying this is reason enough to support te death penalty since I don't, but it puts a slightly different spin on the issue.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
So... the chance of die means there's a chance you might be free? Not sure that's fair...	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
It isn't fair which is why I think we need to drastically change the way we handle criminal justice.  In the current system though it could be considered the lesser of two evils especially since people who get life, die in prison anyway.  Ill look up te numbers later, but it is a huge difference in exoneration percentage that we need to take into account	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
No. Because you can still kill an innocent person.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
As abhorrent as I find capital punishment, your solution is far from the most effective and painless. Nitrogen asphyxiation would be my nominee. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
This. the inmate falls unconscious before dying, and it's a lot cheaper than the cocktail.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Not OP, but what is the process of nitrogn asphyxiation? How much would it cost? How would one set up facilities for this?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
This has come in previous, similar discussions.  If a person is placed in a sealed room that contains an atmosphere of pure nitrogen, the person will then die of a lack of oxygen (or in medical terms, anoxia) which is a painless process.  Nitrogen itself is cheap and abundant, and sealed rooms are not difficult to build.  This is better than other gases that you can use (cyanogen, carbon monoxide etc.) because the nitrogen is completely non-toxic and is harmless if released to the environment.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  nitrogen is completely non-toxic and is harmless if released to the environment.I think it's worth elaborating that air is 78% nitrogen. It's not just non-toxic and harmless if released - we're already breathing more of it than anything else.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I didn't see this before replying, but is there a reason the entire room must be sealed- wouldn't a mask do the trick?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Sure, a mask would do the trick providing the person being executed did not manage to get the mask off or even to spoil the seal of the mask to the face.  Masks are generally dependent upon the mask user, to use them correctly.  I think it is easier to use a sealed room.  But we could certainly research the possibility of a mask, as an alternative.  Perhaps something that is locked in place with a padlock, like the Man In The Iron Mask.  I could see that working.  Even a diving helmet or spacesuit helmet, suitably attached, could work.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Part of me wonders why I feel compelled to continue this conversation, but we could simply strap down their arms (the same way we do for LI since we don't want needles being pulled.) 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
If you're going to make someone feel restrained and claustrophobic as you're killing them, that's probably at least as unpleasant as the bullet.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Yes, locking them in a small room and literally suffocating them is much better in that respect.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Yes, but the face is also mobile.  Face masks fit well if you do not screw around with them.  Still, I think a diving helmet would work nicely.  With arms strapped down.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
If we are going to kill people, I do think we should give them as much dignity and autonomy as possible throughout the process. To me, being put in a locked room with a comfortable chair and a comfortable cot allowing them to do as they wish is preferable to having their arms strapped or having something strapped to their head.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Unless you want to clean up the occasional bloodied room, strapping wouldn't be a bad idea. People aren't going to always sit quietly waiting to die. Banging their head against every surface, bitting through their tongue, attempting to smash the glass, etc are likely scenarios. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
And if that is how they choose to go, I think it should be their choice. It isn't like the prison doesn't have the personnel/equpiment/experience to clean up. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I'm questioning the dignity afforded to an individual when that is what your construct drives them to. Essentially, we'll watch humans self-harm, defecate, weep, etc their last few minutes away because we've locked them in a cage to watch them die. I honestly think reconciling diginity and execution is a lofty ideal. Not much dignified in being killed, despite our best efforts. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
That is never going to happen even if it is the least bad option. That is essentially a gas chamber and no matter how logical is, gas chambers are never going to acceptable in America.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Gas chambers were used in American executions for long after WWII.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I wasn't aware of that but still, the antithesis towards anything reminiscent of the Nazis I think is too powerful to overcome. Besides the people who support the death penalty either don't want to be reminded or don't want to remind others that we usually look down upon state sponsored executions.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
There was a time that most people could fathom gay marriage ever happening in America as well. Gas chambers may have "bad feelings" associated with them, but how pitiful of a society are we that we ignore logic and comfort in favor of a more painful procedure just so we don't step on anyone's toes? If I was to be executed tomorrow, this is how I would want to go. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I don't really see the connection between gay marriage and this. People were opposed to gay marriage for religious and cultural reasons. The opposition to this is for historical reasons.Just because the country has become more socially progressive doesn't mean that execution methods are going to change, those two things really have nothing in common and no connection.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
That's just stupid.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
And apparently the lack of O2 leaves you in a state of Euphoria	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Quite so.  The brain gradually shuts down, just like getting drunk on alcohol.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  This has come in previous, similar discussions. If a person is placed in a sealed room that contains an atmosphere of pure nitrogen, the person will then die of a lack of oxygen (or in medical terms, anoxia) which is a painless processPure Nitrogen from the get go would actually be pretty bad.  You'd physically breath but have no reaction from it.  You'd be cognizant of it the entire time.  Instead, you'd rather want a normal room, but instead slowly reduce the amount of oxygen in the room.  The person would then become hypoxic, eventually becoming delusional and eventually leading to a loss of consciousness.  Depleting the oxygen and replacing it with nitrogen even more would then eventually lead to death.Either that, or put them in a centrifuge until they die.  It'd cause the same hypoxic death, but through a different method.  Though that'd be quite a bit more painful.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
[When humans breathe in pure nitrogen, helium, argon, sulfur hexafluoride, methane, or any other chemically inert gas(es), they exhale carbon dioxide without resupplying oxygen. Inert gases are generally free of odour and taste. As such, the human subject detects no abnormal sensation. This leads to asphyxiation (death from lack of oxygen, not from poison) without the painful and traumatic feeling of suffocation, or from side effects of poisonous interactions.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inert_gas_asphyxiation)	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
[removed]	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Sorry, your post has been removed.  Rule 5. No low effort comments.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
that low in the thread? allllrighty then. no hard feelings, just doin your job, i guess	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I've sucked on pure nitrogen before.  If it happens before you become fully hypoxic then it's fairly clear that something is off.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Dose people with inert gas and they've got about 10 seconds of consciousness before they're out. If you zapped them with a bit of N^(2)O during that time they are going to be so out of it that they will be unconscious before they even notice it.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The medulla oblongata region of the brain, which regulates breathing, does not actually sense oxygen levels, only carbon dioxide levels of the blood.  Thus, if you breathe pure nitrogen, you continue to flush out the excess carbon dioxide and you perceive that your breathing is doing what it is supposed to do.  You do not have a sense of having (as you put it) no reaction.  It feels normal to breathe pure nitrogen, but you will succumb painlessly to anoxia.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Why sealed room? You just need a bag over the head and a moderate flow of nitrogen for one minute. I mean you'd normally use a sealed room for toxic gases but the amount of nitrogen you'd need for the bag method would pose no danger to other people even in the same room as long as it's big or ventilated at all.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Bagging them to death is likely very traumatic, and looks too much like murder for people to accept. In addition, it would be difficult to get a bag over someone's head without strapping them down, and that also is probably quite traumatic for everyone involved.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Yes, you could do this very simply with a bag.  I think that since a prisoner being executed would resist having a bag attached, and therefore has to be restrained, the whole process is more dignified if you could just put the prisoner in a sealed room.  But a bag is OK.  It works either way.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Isn't suffocation generally quite painful? Or is it the build-up of carbon dioxide that is painful?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
It's the build-up of carbon dioxide. Nitrogen asphyxiation is completely painless.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Ugh, I'm here because I'm thinking of submitting a similar CMV. I just want to say that the pain related to suffocation can be from lack of oxygen or build up of carbon dioxide.Most persons would experience pain from CO2 build up well before your body starts freaking out about the lack of oxygen. Some expections arise. Smokers and free-divers have been noted to override/ignore thier bodies warnings about CO2 and experience pain from low O2. I can't recall the mechanisms proper names at the moment.For example, try this (preferably underwater I guess because it's awkward/hard to do in air). Take a deep breath and hold it. Time how long it takes before you can't take the pain and resume breathing. Now repeat this but exhale slowly. You should last much longer. I'm not sure if the eventual pain you feel is from low O2 or still CO2 build up but I think it illustrates my point well.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I guess it's time to pull out the sources. If I show mine, will you show yours?[Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inert_gas_asphyxiation)[A BBC documentary](http://youtu.be/dDlDN2nsopE) (the relevant part starts at about 36:30)	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
http://scuba.about.com/od/Freedivers/a/Freediving-Physiology-Basics.htmhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shallow_water_blackoutSkip to the images and this part.  Note that the body can actually detect low levels of oxygen but that this is not normal. Persistently elevated levels of carbon dioxide in the blood, hypercapnia (the opposite to hypocapnia), tend to desensitise the body to CO2, in which case the body may come to rely on the oxygen level in the blood to maintain respiratory drive. This is illustrated in the scenario of type II respiratory failure. However, in a normal healthy person there is no subjective awareness of low oxygen levels.So for most persons Nitrogen Asphyxiation is probably painless, but it is possible for persons to feel their body hit the 'low-oxygen warning.' Heavy smokers and experienced free divers to fall into the category of people that can feel it.My other issue is that Nitrogen gives my far too much time to contemplate what's happening to me, *as it happens to me.*Other than that, I do agree with you that Nitrogen is probably the best option that's on the table.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Anoxia is not painful.  Suffocation in the sense of being prevented from breathing is quite painful.  Drowning is painful.  Carbon dioxide buildup is unpleasant.  But breathing pure nitrogen and succumbing to anoxia is entirely painless, and actually is a bit euphoric.  It's like getting drunk, in the way that the brain gradually shuts down.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Essentially just but a mask over the mouth and nose and introduce a sedative then slowly replace the flow of oxygen with a flow of nitrogen (or other inert gas, but we're used to breathing nitrogen) the body slowly falls asleep and dies. Not sure about cost but nitrogen seems like it would be fairly inexpensive. I'm sure most death chambers already built could be retrofitted. But I don't think we should kill anybody.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
What about serial killers? What about fucked up psychos, rapists and terrorists? Should they not die for their crimes?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
No. Not at the hands of the state when we can just as easily put them into a box for the rest of their lives.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The more debates I see about the death penalty, the more I see that it's not really about deterrence, it's about revenge, and that scares the hell out of me.  I barely trust the government to keep my running water clean, much less decide my fate.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
First off, some people just don't deserve to live. If a man killed his entire family in the most brutal way imaginable, would it be better to let him live where he could kill again? Or would it be better to put a bullet/lethal cocktail/overdose of nitrogen in him so that he won't ever kill again?Second off, IMO, it's more of a mercy to kill someone than force them into a box for 24/7 365 days a year. I couldn't possibly live in a 6x6 cell for the rest of my life without going outside.Third, the cost is huge. California has the highest prisoner population in the States, and uses a legal loophole to get out of executing people who really deserve to die. Because of this, California has almost gone bankrupt building and expanding prisons to accomodate the population. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
For what has to be the hundredth time, the cost of execution far exceeds the cost of lifetime imprisonment. California's prisons are not overcrowded because of their death row inmates. They are overcrowded because of many factors, not the least of which is an archaic three strikes mandatory sentencing law. Killing everyone on their death row next week wont make a dent in the total prison population.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 First off, some people just don't deserve to live.who has the right or moral authority to decide who deserves to live and who dies? If a man killed his entire family in the most brutal way imaginable, would it be better to let him live where he could kill again?then why not kill anybody who commits a crime, so that they don't have the chance to commit crime again? Second off, IMO, it's more of a mercy to kill someone than force them into a box for 24/7 365 days a year. that's not for you to decide for other people Third, the cost is huge. California has the highest prisoner population in the States, and uses a legal loophole to get out of executing people who really deserve to die. Because of this, California has almost gone bankrupt building and expanding prisons to accomodate the population.sounds like California is quite simply imprisoning too many people, less crimes should result in imprisonment. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 who has the right or moral authority to decide who deserves to live and who dies?A jury of our peers. then why not kill anybody who commits a crime, so that they don't have the chance to commit crime again?Because gradience. that's not for you to decide for other peopleIt's for us, as a society, to decide. At times. sounds like California is quite simply imprisoning too many people, less crimes should result in imprisonment.We should just turn off crime.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Execution is vastly more expensive than life imprisonment. Stop with that tired old argument.You're right, some people do deserve death for their actions. But the state can't be trusted to impose that.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Execution is vastly more expensive than life imprisonment. Stop with that tired old argument.the point is that execution doesn't have top cost the insane amount it does, it would be far the cheapest option if not for the moronic expensive process used.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I highly, highly doubt that California's overcrowded prisons are due to a large number of deathrow inmates.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Personally, i don't think we should have the death penalty for 2 reasons:1.  It's not possible to 100% guarantee you are not killing an innocent person.  'Beyond a reasonable doubt' is not, to me, a high enough standard for killing someone.2.  We have no idea what the future holds in terms of treatments.  Serial killers are mentally ill.  If you could cure them and put them to use bettering society, wouldn't that be preferable to death?More #1 than #2 as far as i'm concerned, i only throw out #2 because it's possible.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
If you had the evidence, physical and genetic,   and they all point to the same person, wouldn't you say he's guilty? Also, there are some things we really can't fix. Mental issues, especially with serial killers, are hard to fix without going to shit like lobotomies or other unethical treatments.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
How do you think they convict people now?  And they still execute innocent people.And i agree its almost impossible to treat that level of mental illness today, but in 20 years it may not be.  I'd rather not execute someone who is either innocent or potentially treatable in their lifetime than have a government that thinks it's ok to kill people.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
What if the suspect confesses to his crime?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Genetic evidence?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I mean DNA evidence.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Personally, i don't think we should have the death penalty for 2 reasons: 1.  It's not possible to 100% guarantee you are not killing an innocent person.  'Beyond a reasonable doubt' is not, to me, a high enough standard for killing someone.Of course it is, for example the soldier beheading in a London street in broad daylight, or the many that are tapped and put online, I am for the death penalty, but only in no doubt cases.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Personally, i don't think we should have the death penalty for 2 reasons: 1.  It's not possible to 100% guarantee you are not killing an innocent person.  'Beyond a reasonable doubt' is not, to me, a high enough standard for killing someone.Of course it is, for example the soldier beheading in a London street in broad daylight, or the many that are taped and put online, I am for the death penalty, but only in zero doubt cases.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Personally, i don't think we should have the death penalty for 2 reasons: 1.  It's not possible to 100% guarantee you are not killing an innocent person.  'Beyond a reasonable doubt' is not, to me, a high enough standard for killing someone.Of course it is, for example the soldier beheading in a London street in broad daylight, or the many that are tapped and put online, I am for the death penalty, but only in no doubt cases.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
A shotgun blast to the brainstem IS instant and painless.  Maybe not the cleanest death but who cares?  The dignity of a convicted murderer/rapist doesn't matter.  	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Sure it does. Plus, with all the efficiencies we see in modern governments combined with the wisdom of 24 people not smart enough to escape jury duty is amazing we are on with issuing this type of punishment. Also why do you reject the idea that life imprisonment is a lesser punishment than death? Is certainly easier on the tax payer. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I think it's a lot les about their dignity than the rest of us. You don't judge a society by how they treat their elite, you judge them on how they treat their worst.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I posted [this video](http://youtu.be/R18yDjc2lKE) in /r/morbidreality quite a while ago.It basically tries to find a humane way to execute someone. Nitrogen asphyxiation looks like the 'best method'.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I agree that the current method is wholly stupid. However, the idea behind it I can support (for as far as I support capital punishment).It is supposed to be a dignified method. This because of x things:**Viscerality**: The only visceral harm done by injection is the puncturing of the skin. The foresight of this happening to a person in and of itself is pretty bearable. As such, the wait should be less torturous.**Dignity**: Death by injection does not mutilate the corpse. This is important for two reasons. The first is people left behind. A man sentenced to death can still have people who love him. It is important to them to be able to pay their respects, to honor the person he once was. With his head mutilated, this may get harder, there is no legal basis for punishing these people.Secondly, their is the person himself. Should he care at all about how his body remains in this world it would, to me, constitute cruel and unusual punishment. He would know, going into his final moments, that his corpse will end up mutilated. To me, that is among the cruelest things you could do to a person sentenced to death. It is an expression of wishing to deny that person his dignity even in death.That being said, we do need to get rid of this stupid injection stuff. The nitrogen chamber mention elsewhere seems like a very decent option.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Honest question here; Would you agree that a person on death row forfeits their right to be treated with dignity when they commit whatever act has put them on death row? 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
No, no, no.So, in summary, not really. Dignity is a basic human right. Someone might do something so horrible as to no longer deserve to live, but he should not lose all of his dignity for it. To take his dignity would be savagery pure and simple.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I'll ask an honest question too. Do you rank the right to dignity higher than the right to live? I mean, you're taking away their right to live and okay with it, but you still insist that  taking away their dignity is savagery?Also, to continue down the slippery slope, would you say that someone who had to live without any dignity whatsoever (say a kidnapped woman kept in a dungeon who is tortured and raped at the whims of her kidnapper, to give an extreme example) would be better off dead?I'm not trying to be offensive, sorry if I come across like that. I'm just trying to understand your views.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
An issue here is the fact that I'm essentially opposed to capital punishment.I think someones right to life probably ranks just above someones right to dignity. Taking the kidnapped women, and whether she'd be better of dead, I do not know. She might be. Dignity is important.I feel that capital punishment is not (should not be) an act of anger. It is not done to hurt or harm the sentenced. It is done because society cannot bear to have this person. So it is not him doing something so bad he forfeits his right to life. It is society being put in such a bad position that it has to ignore his right to life. That however, does not mean society gets to ignore his right to dignity.Taking the man's dignity is to me the essence of cruel and unusual punishment. I guess that's why cruel and unusual punishment is not allowed by law.Perhaps an interseting fact is that I myself would much rather die by gunshot (shotgun actually) to the head than lethal injection or electrocution. That is preconditioned on my family being okay with it though.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Absolutely, unequivocally, no. A certain level of human dignity is required, no matter your background. Past actions do not affect your natural rights now.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I think that the judge that passes the sentence should be the one to pull the trigger. No automation, no walls to hide behind. They look the man in the eyes, hear his last words, and put him out of this world. Execution should ALWAYS weigh heavy on people's minds. It's not something you sugarcoat or pretend that the needle did the killing. Its not something you pass off to someone who doesn't even know or care about the cries the man committed. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I think "painless" really means "painless for people to watch." I would rather have it over without the ceremony of getting shaved and prepped for electrocution or having to sit and wait 10 minutes in a room as a lethal dosage of some drug is applied. That would be horrific. Personally, the quickest way possible is the best for me. I'd be okay with them dropping a 2 ton weight onto my head without warning me. That's over is a nano second (But it makes for a lot of clean up and that's more important than a painless death). I think the most humane way would be a single shell of .000 buckshot going through the back of the skull. It's fast and effective and leaves no room for screwups. Bullets can fail. There are a lot of people who have been shot by bullets and lived. Not a lot of people who took a shotgun at close range to the head who were around for more than an instant after the trigger was pulled.     The horror of the wait, for me, is like a roller coaster. Waiting in line is worse than the actual roller coaster. You watch the ride and hear people screaming and all you're thinking about is how scary it will be. No line? Get right on and it's not that bad. 2 hour build up? It's terrifying. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
This. Lethal injection is about the audience, not the condemned. If we were being merciful to the condemned man instead of the audience, lethal injection would be quite far down on the list of methods of execution.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
First off you have similar issues with failure rate. Second many families of victims want to see the execution, which a gun execution would be much more traumatic. Also I think they would have to have someone observe it, even if you didn't pull the trigger to make sure their is no foul play. Third you would also have to spend a lot of money on clean up. And the cleanup could potentially be traumatizing. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The firing squad is the only sanctioned execution I can find with no insanely painful mess ups.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
If you have a firing squad then they aren't exactly shooting you in the brainstem, thereby nullifying that argument of yours. Being shot with several bullets at once may not instantly kill you, and is definatly painful.And how would you not have clean up via firing squad. Lots of blood, brains and guts to clean up.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
You haven't researched death by firing squad have you? They use multiple shooters but only one (usually) actual round. The rest are blanks so that nobody knows who did the killingAs to your other points high caliber rounds hit with such velocity that the target is usually knocked out, and do so much damage that they die immediately.Now for shooting in the back or the head, what could go wrong? Find me one horror story from a sanctioned gun death.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 You haven't researched death by firing squad have you? They use multiple shooters but only one (usually) actual round. The rest are blanks so that nobody knows who did the killingI believe it's the other way round. Only one is a  blank, no one knows who. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
And really, I doubt that this is actually done. You would expect the men firing the guns to have experience with the rifles they are using. Which means they would know what sort of recoil to expect from firing a round from that rifle. A blank would have significantly less recoil (enough that one would be able to tell the difference).	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 In more recent times, such as in the execution of Ronnie Lee Gardner in the American state of Utah in the United States in 2010, a rifleman may be given a "dummy" cartridge containing wax instead of a bullet, which provides a more realistic recoil.[source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Execution_by_firing_squad)	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I don't think the logistics of work with a firing squad for shooting someone is such a small area as the brain stem. It's too many people shooting a small target. You could hit them in the brain and not kill them right away(not the hindbrain which controls breathing in such), or you could nick an artery so they bleed out, or you could sever the spinal cord leading to paralyisis. None of these are a "kind" way to die. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
You are way under estimating the damage of a round at close range. The current firing squad method to my knowledge doesn't have any botched attempts and its firing at a distance into the heart. How can making the shot easier make it harder?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Sorry OP was making the argument that a shot to the brain stem is the most humane way of killing someone, to which a firing range would logistically not work. I still think a firing squad is awfully messy to clean up, and would be quite expensive. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Expensive? How? Op says one guy and  bullet. The squad is twelve guys and a bullet. Its much, much cheaper than lethal injection. As far as mess damage to the heart prevents it from beating which means no sprays or spurts.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
have you looked at the failure rate with that method in animal killing?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I bet you could get an automated gun system to work flawlessly if you were willing to spend ~$1.3k per execution (and maybe use a bigger bullet than 9mm).	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
No. Could you provide some information?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1852607/It's not 100% on that.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  Given that using a bullet to the back of the skull would neutralize the brain stem, the inmate would feel no pain. Every time? Every inmate? Guaranteed?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I don't think it's the cleanest way, or even the best way, but just as a counter argument, I'm pretty sure if we used a shotgun slug (rather than a single bullet as OP suggests) I think it would work EVERY TIME. Point blank range, back of the head. That person is a goner.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
With a huge fucking hole in the back of his skull. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
No, of course not. There are always outliers. However, I'm willing to bet the failure rate is nill.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I imagine one of the biggest arguments against your method is the cleanup. No bodily fluids are released during lethal injection. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Other than blood, urine, feces, vomit, and spit?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
[removed]	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Sorry, your post has been removed.  Rule 5. No low effort comments.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
In my opinion, the death penalty is serious enough that it is not necessarily a bad thing for it to remain costly and inconvenient for those who carry it out. It is the lesser evil that it not be so efficient instead of being easy. These are people's lives being ended, and it has been shown that a significant percentage of people executed and people scheduled to be executed are innocent. So an efficient execution system is not necessarily desirable here.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Why not tie them to a chair, and put a mask on them that is connected to a CO2 tank? Dirt cheap, no pain, no mess.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Carbon dioxide is not painless. The pain from suffocation is caused when too much CO2 builds up in your body. Try holding your breath for as long as you can. That's how it would feel like to die by CO2.However, there are gases that we can use such as Helium or Nitrogen that would not cause pain.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
To illustrate what /u/MooseV2 said, take an almost empty soda bottle, shake it, and suck out the air.The sensation you feel is that of CO2 in the lungs. (To my knowledge, this is not dangerous.)	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Even at non-lethal levels, CO^(2) causes an uncontrollable panic reaction in humans.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Woah, really? How is that possible? I mean, you can't even smell the gas	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Your brainstem registers CO^(2) levels in your blood. This is not in any way a conscious mechanism - you'll freak out and you'll probably have no idea why.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The breathing reflex is triggered by CO2 levels in the blood. Imagine that urge to breathe intensifying with every breath. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The feeling of panic and pain you get when you hold your breath for too long is caused by your brain detecting high CO2 levels...	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
It could work with other gas like nitrogen and helium.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I agree 100% OP.  Buckshot to the brain stem is instant and painless.  I feel like giving a convicted rapist/murderer euthanasia drugs is ridiculous.  Many people in America seek euthanasia drugs but can't find them because they're illegal because of the Christian-ethos mindset in this country.  It's insane that a terminally ill person can't get Nembutal(The premier euthanasia drug) but violent rapist/murderers get it.  	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I feel like its the person who has to pull the trigger whos gonna feel bad. This is the actual reason hitler made gas chambers, the mass shooters were going crazy with guilt and etc. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Honestly I think what makes it different is that that disfigures the inmate. There are people who may want to go to that burial for various reasons, but nobody wants to see anyone's brains spilled all over. Also press are at executions and the average person will view that execution as more horrific simply because it's messy. I don't think it's the painless part that people care about so much as the gruesome factor	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
A captive bolt system like what is used on cattle would work.  A pop to the back of the head, and disfigurement wouldn't be an issue.  It also wouldn't use bullets.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
There are (at least) three viewpoints that you should consider:* The inmate's* The executioners* The general publicFor each of those, compare what they think of the various types of capital punishment: (in your comparison) execution by firearm, and execution by lethal injection.* Bullets, by design, are made to penetrate and cause harm to their target. It doesn't matter if that's a living being or a inanimate object. The bullet's main purpose is to cause damage to the target.* Bullets are notorious for being incredibly harmful and nonlethal. The number of people who end up in agonizing pain from being shot outweighs the number of people who are killed instantly.* The firing of a bullet is loud and verbose, causing emotions and reactions (adrenaline, fight or flight, etc).* Bullet wounds are messy, as they cause internal damage as well as blood/flesh loss.* Guns have been used in acts of terrorism, violence, and other unpleasant situationsIn the eyes of the inmate, being shot with a bullet would be an incredibly scary experience. Knowledge and experience will cause most people to fear a firearm, as the majority of firearm incidences are negative experiences (as mentioned above).In the eyes of the executioner, using a firearm is a very horrific experience. Training and conditioning can very much limit those emotions, but guns will always be traumatic for all the additional side effects they have (see above).In the eyes of the public, firearms are inhumane and terrifying (see above). We have been taught to fear guns, and taught that guns are used for bad situations. If we let guns propagate into our justice system, the result will be fear and lack of trust in the system.On the other hand, lethal injections are:* Created to be humane.* Safe and without pain (if done correctly).* Trusted and administered by medical professionals.* Silent and can be administered calmly* Can be witnessed without causing PTSD or other trauma* Used in many moral situations where ethics are extremely important, such as euthanasia in patients (and pets) with terminal illnesses or agonizing pain.By definition, they have a much warmer reputation with everyone. The majority of people would feel safer knowing that the method used to kill is the same one trusted by humanity groups for euthanasia.In terms of money, I wouldn't worry about it too much. $1300 may sound like a lot to *you*, but that's pennies to the government. If anything, consider that a higher price means more consideration would prelude capital punishment. The last thing we want is for the justice system to take capital punishment for granted, escalating sentences to death when there is no need for it.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  In the eyes of the inmate, being shot with a bullet would be an incredibly scary experience.Ask how the victim felt. Did they enjoy being locked in a car trunk? Look  forward to be strangled by a telephone cord. Enjoyed being stabbed repeatedly and left for dead? That is a scary experience.Here is an old [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2010/CRIME/06/09/utah.firing.squad/) article on an interview on one of a five person crew."I haven't lost three seconds of sleep over it," he says. "... it's true justice."	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I agree that I will never lose sleep over a man like John Taylor, but do the lack of ethics in a chemically imbalanced man really call for an abandonment of morals?  No matter how we kill the convicted, the victim will remain dead.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Ask how the victim felt. Did they enjoy being locked in a car trunk? Look forward to be strangled by a telephone cord. Yes, let's appeal to emotion, that always ends well. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  Ask how the victim felt.That's vengeance. Making someone suffer like the suffering they've caused is not justice.Think of it this way. Just for a second:Imagine, I don't care about who you are. At all. I don't care what you do for a job. I don't care if you drive a car, or where your live, or what you look like. Or what your hardships are.I don't care if you were to lose everything you had tomorrow, have your life spiral out of control, find yourself drugged up, desperate, and dangerous somewhere. I wouldn't care if you were to break into my house, murder my family, and take all their stuff. If the next day I found out you had done those things and were captured by the police, I would be the first person before the judge to ask you NOT be sentenced to death.It's barbaric. In a hypothetical situation where 4 people have died, remitting a 5th skeleton to the Earth does not improve the situation.We should not put people in prison to "punish" them; that's a petty and archaic sense of what the concept means. We should also not put them there with any hope of rehabilitation.People should be put in prison because they are a danger to society. Period.We all have rights and responsibilities to each other. That's what our society is based on. Mutual, communal, dependence. People farm for me so I can learn to make the world a better place for us all. If I had to grow my own food, I wouldn't have time to do what I needed. If I had to care for the health of myself and know what a doctor needs to know, I wouldn't be capable.No man is an island and we depend on each other. When we can't depend on someone; when someone has proven they are working for the detriment of the greater good, you simply remove them from it.If someone wants to shit in the apple pie, they get to live in the house where nobody ever bakes anything. If you can't play nicely with the others, you go to time out. That should be prison.If you take a life, that does not give anyone else the right to take yours.The perspective of the prisoner is not only important to the discussion, it's the entire fucking part. I'm (clearly) anti-death penalty, so I won't stand here and defend something I think should be abolished.I would ask you, however, to remember that 4% of the people we executed were innocent people.Let that sink in for a moment.We, collectively, together as a society, paid taxes to ensure that we could murder these innocent people. Make no mistake. It's not a clerical fucking error when you take someone's life even though they were innocent of the charges.It's codified vigilantism, and it's gotten innocent people murdered. So when you denigrate the experience of the victim, realize that one day you might be an innocent person on death row, guilty of a crime you didn't commit, and a guy with a shotgun is walking towards you.Do you think you'd care how the prisoner felt then?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
You know that is not really relevant to the whole question. We are talking about a humane way to do an execution not a way to satisfy a lust for blood.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I posted this below in a reply to someone else's shitty comment, but I'm going to re-post it verbatim here in the hopes you see it and it does something to change your mind.===  Ask how the victim felt.That's vengeance. Making someone suffer like the suffering they've caused is not justice.Think of it this way. Just for a second:Imagine, I don't care about who you are. At all. I don't care what you do for a job. I don't care if you drive a car, or where your live, or what you look like. Or what your hardships are.I don't care if you were to lose everything you had tomorrow, have your life spiral out of control, find yourself drugged up, desperate, and dangerous somewhere. I wouldn't care if you were to break into my house, murder my family, and take all their stuff. If the next day I found out you had done those things and were captured by the police, I would be the first person before the judge to ask you NOT be sentenced to death.It's barbaric. In a hypothetical situation where 4 people have died, remitting a 5th skeleton to the Earth does not improve the situation.We should not put people in prison to "punish" them; that's a petty and archaic sense of what the concept means. We should also not put them there with any hope of rehabilitation.People should be put in prison because they are a danger to society. Period.We all have rights and responsibilities to each other. That's what our society is based on. Mutual, communal, dependence. People farm for me so I can learn to make the world a better place for us all. If I had to grow my own food, I wouldn't have time to do what I needed. If I had to care for the health of myself and know what a doctor needs to know, I wouldn't be capable.No man is an island and we depend on each other. When we can't depend on someone; when someone has proven they are working for the detriment of the greater good, you simply remove them from it.If someone wants to shit in the apple pie, they get to live in the house where nobody ever bakes anything. If you can't play nicely with the others, you go to time out. That should be prison.If you take a life, that does not give anyone else the right to take yours.The perspective of the prisoner is not only important to the discussion, it's the entire fucking part. I'm (clearly) anti-death penalty, so I won't stand here and defend something I think should be abolished.I would ask you, however, to remember that 4% of the people we executed were innocent people.Let that sink in for a moment.We, collectively, together as a society, paid taxes to ensure that we could murder these innocent people. Make no mistake. It's not a clerical fucking error when you take someone's life even though they were innocent of the charges.It's codified vigilantism, and it's gotten innocent people murdered. So when you denigrate the experience of the victim, realize that one day you might be an innocent person on death row, guilty of a crime you didn't commit, and a guy with a shotgun is walking towards you.Do you think you'd care how the prisoner felt then?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Reason number one: the accused may be wrongfully sentenced and/or innocent.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
As was stated in another post, people are wrongfully sentenced to life in prison just as often.  It's acceptable collateral damage for a life sentence, so why is it not justified for the death penalty?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Because people imprisoned for life can still appeal, new evidence can be found or new techniques can be found that help prove their innocence.It's very hard to overturn a completed death penalty sentence.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Just thought I'd mention an issue like that has happened before, I saw the link in another thread but can't find it for the life of me	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
While this is true, I'm still not convinced.  With modern forensic science the rate of people being wrongfully accused of a crime goes down every day.  Some will slip through the cracks, but I'd argue that no matter what the system is imperfect and if you are willing to let millions of murderers live because of a small percentage that may or may not be wrongfully convicted then you are willing to watch the justice system fail.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  if you are willing to let millions of murderers live because of a small percentage that may or may not be wrongfully convicted then you are willing to watch the justice system fail.You're describing the very premise of our justice system here, no matter how much it has been perverted or subverted by larger interests.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Why? Because the day we murder somebody who we can later prove was innocent, we are all murderers. The issue is that our entire system is based on the idea that people are innocent until proven guilty, and that if new evidence surfaces they have a chance to appeal. Death is final and cannot be taken back. There are studies showing that 2-5% of people in jail are innocent, while that may be a small percentage, its a huge fucking number. To give you an idea how big this is, 1/2000 people, not prison population but the entire US population is wrongly behind bars. That is .05% of all people. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Which, if I may add, is over 150,000 people...	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Because no amount of money is worth an innocent person being killed by their own country. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 With modern forensic science the rate of people being wrongfully accused of a crime goes down every day.  [citation needed]	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
I'm sorry, I don't quite understand what you just typed.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
I don't think I understand you, is the case that a person is wrongfully accused used against life sentences?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
I suppose I could be clearer.  "People are wrongfully sentenced to life is prison just as often."  Just as often as what?  "It's acceptable collateral damage for a life sentence". What is "it"?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
I could be clearer too.  There is a risk when giving anyone life in prison that they are wrongfully accused.  This risk is accepted, at least from what I understand.  I ask you this, however:  Why is it an accepted risk to give someone a life sentence but not a risk to give someone the death penalty?  If it was a risk not worth taking then the life sentence wouldn't exist, right?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
But the risk of wrongful conviction can be reversed at any time that the error becomes clear. [It happens routinely.](http://www.innocenceproject.org/Content/DNA_Exonerations_Nationwide.php)You can't exactly reverse the death penalty though, can you?And because you can't reverse it, we have to be extraordinarily careful not to impose it unless we're absolutely sure. The time and cost of reaching that level of certainty *vastly* outweigh the cost of life in prison:  The authors calculated that, if the Governor commuted the sentences of those remaining on death row to life without parole, it would result in an immediate savings of $170 million per year, with a savings of $5 billion over the next 20 years. [PDF](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/documents/LoyolaCalifCosts.pdf)	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Someone wrongfully convicted and given a life sentence still has a chance to be freed if new evidence / appeals can get them a new trial. If you've killed them but then new irrefutable evidence shows up it's too late for a new trial - they're dead. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
People always have the possibility to change.  By taking someone's life away, you take away that chance, no matter how small or insignificant that chance is, it is still present.  A person is entitled to their life and no one else should ever be able to take that away.  EDIT: this can to back go to reason 1. The judge's ruling isn't always 100% accurate. Although it may be written in paper that a person "deserves" life in prison does not mean that it becomes truth.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  It's acceptable collateral damage for a life sentence, so why is it not justified for the death penalty?The difference being that an innocent person sentenced to life in prison can have that sentence revoked if their innocence is proven at any point in the remainder of their life. And I have a hard time believing that if you were wrongly convicted of murder and sentenced to death, you'd sit there and accept it because it's "acceptable collateral damage".	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The death penalty costs more, there's the issue of is the person innocent (many who have died ended up being innocent after newer technology was developed). Justice-wise, if someone murders a family member, the family would usually prefer for that person to live with the grief through a life sentence than take the easy way out and die via death sentence. Death penalty is a costly option with little benefits. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The only reason the death penalty costs more is due to appeals. Since the justice system will never be perfect the conviction of a few innocent are just unavoidable collateral damage.I agree that life in prison causes more suffering than execution, but the extra cost of incarceration is greater than the benefit to the family. If satisfying the need for revenge of the family was the reason for punishment, that could justify torture.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  Since the justice system will never be perfect the conviction of a few innocent are just unavoidable collateral damage.It's only unavoidable if you get rid of appeals.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Even with appeals innocent people have been executed. It is trade-off between the cost of appeals versus the value of human life. How much are we willing to spend on appeals to possibly save one innocent life? Could that same money be spent in other ways to save a life?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  Even with appeals innocent people have been executed.Yes, but without appeals the number would be higher.  No amount of money is worth killing an innocent person.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The only way to ensure that no innocent person is executed is to not execute anyone.Why should guilty people be executed? What is the purpose of executing the guilty?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
I don't know, I'm against the death penalty.  But as it exists, I am completely for appeals because even if some innocent get executed, it's worth it to save as many as we can.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
If you had $5 billion to spend and had two choices for spending that money which of the following would you choose?1. Legal appeals to find who among 670 sentenced to death might be innocent, http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penalty2. Improve auto safety and save 1000 lives at a cost of $5 million each, http://www.cdc.gov/Motorvehiclesafety/costs/policy.html	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
To use your example, not everyone has regret following a crime.  Some people don't regret killing their children, raping their daughters, or otherwise abusing family.  If someone has no remorse or grief for what they did, then why is giving them 20+ years to think about it in prison the best option?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Its still going to be the less expensive option. Assuming they are guilty and given life without parole, the punishment is issued out immediately. The punishment is so severe, it is practically a death sentence without immediate cause of death. Those with life sentences end up dying in prison, so it achieves all the same goals of the death penalty, but without the uncertainty of whether or not they're innocent (cause you cant bring a dead person back to life). 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
If you could walk me through how the death penalty is more expensive than 20 years in a state prison then I will believe you.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Honestly cost is not up for debate, I've read many articles that stated death penalty costs end up higher than life imprisonment and I've heard cost being brought up as a main argument against the death penalty. Here is what a simple google search says "The study estimates that the average cost to Maryland taxpayers for reaching a single death sentence is $3 million - $1.9 million more than the cost of a non-death penalty case. (This includes investigation, trial, appeals, and incarceration costs.)"" The eventualcosts to Maryland taxpayers for cases pursued 1978-1999 will be $186 million. Five executions have resulted""Enforcing the death penalty costs Florida $51 million a year above what it would cost to punish all first-degree murdererswith life in prison without parole. Based on the 44 executions Florida had carried out since 1976, that amounts to a costof $24 million for each execution."  (Palm Beach Post, January 4, 2000)[Site for More Info](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/FactSheet.pdf)	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
[deleted]	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
This delta is currently disallowed as your comment contains either no or little text ([comment rule 4](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_4)). Please include an explanation for how /u/chevybow changed your view. If you edit this in, replying to my comment will make me rescan yours.^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][[Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeltaBot/)]	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Bravo! That was spot-on!	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
&amp;#8710;  Nice sources.  You backed up your opinion with fact and changed my view.  Well done.  I was always under the impression that the death penalty was the least expensive option.  This is obviously not the case.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Just for the record. I *despise* that your view was changed because of the cost rather than the risk of executing someone innocent. And I despise that this thread even reached this point of pandering to you.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/chevybow. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/chevybow)]^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][[Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeltaBot/)]	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Doesn't this assume that people who are sentenced to life will not try to appeal? Or are the investigation and trials leading to the sentence the major part of the cost?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The penalty of death is *permanent*. You can pardon a dead person but they aren't around to enjoy their freedom.The death penalty, because it is permanent, has a lengthy process associated with it to reduce the possibility of wrongful executions. Despite this lengthy and expensive process, people are still wrongfully executed. Here's [a list of people who were exonerated either before or after being executed](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_exonerated_death_row_inmates). [Here are some stats on people pardoned due to new DNA evidence being examined](http://www.innocenceproject.org/know/). Clearly, the justice system has a number of false positives.So lets recap:* death is permanent, and does not allow for exoneration (except posthumously, but that's beside the point)* death row is more expensive than life imprisonment* the justice system has demonstrated that a number of people are falsely convicted	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The death penalty costs more and is thus a bigger waste of resources. Also, if a mistake is discovered 30 years down the road, getting freed then beats the heck out of being dead.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
I've heard that before, but I keep wondering why this is so. Keeping someone in a prison for 50 years must be extremely expensive, so what are all the costs involved in executing the death penalty?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The appeals process. If we just executed after conviction it would be much, much less expensive. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Which would then up the rate for executing innocent people. Those appeals are there for a reason	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Death penalties cost significantly more than lifetimes in prison.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Only because of the appeals process. I'm assuming OP would be ok getting rid of the lengthy process. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Why? The punishment hasn't changed.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
He states in his opener that someone sentenced to life might be alive 10-50 years. The appeals process is almost always 10+ years. If conviction doesn't mean near immediate death then it becomes very similar to a life sentence. (I'm trying to defend OP's position) 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Because using the death penalty undermines the very moral claim you're making by saying that murder is a crime and should be punished by death. If you say that murder is wrong, morally prohibited, and therefore a crime, you become hypocritical if you then punish individuals with murder for their crimes.I would also argue that values within the criminal justice system must account for other things besides resources. Resources are a part of every system, and need to be considered, but they should not be the dominant reason to commit one action or another in a system that is not a market. Whether or not to use the death penalty over life sentences should hinge more on whether that is the right thing to do rather than whether it is an efficient use of our resources. I think that is the least we deserve the accused if we are going to take claim for their judgment.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
It depends on the reason why you think murder is wrong. If you believe that all human life has equal value, then punishing a murderer with the death penalty does not make sense.But if the value of human lives are not the same, then you could claim that the value of a murderers life is low enough that killing it is not a loss.The use of resources needs to be a factor in all decisions. The resources spent trying to save innocent people from execution needs to be compared to using them in other areas that can save life.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal..."When you start claiming that some people have more human value than others, we start to get into very murky moral territory. What value is low enough to allow killing? How do we measure human value?Obviously the use of resources is a necessary consideration, as I said, but we should not choose the death penalty (or any criminal law) simply because it is more economically efficient. Policy needs to be chosen according to appropriate values of criminal justice with resources as a factor in how those values are exercised. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
So, you're ready to kill 50,000 people tomorrow? (The number of people incarcerated as of 2012 with sentences of life without parole.) According to the government in New Jersey, they were spending an average of $4.2 million per death sentence. At an average of $4.2 million per death sentence, that's, what.. $210 billion for 50,000 prisoners? And that's probably generous. California has spent $4 billion on just 13 executions since 1978 for an average of $308 million **each**. Not to mention additional costs for maintaining tighter security on death row.I think those numbers represent the very definition of a waste of time and resources.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
What would be wrong with killing them all tomorrow? If we eliminated all appeals and just killed them that would save about $75 billion at 30 years per prisoner. If 5% were innocent that would be 2500 innocent people killed. I think that the cost savings is worth that loss of innocent life.If the $75 billion saved was invested in preventing accidental deaths more than 2500 other innocent people would be saved.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
That is a such a dangerous place to go. When you start valuing efficiency over individual lives, you start letting the government have authority to make judgments about the value of the lives of its citizens	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
And by killing you we can sell all your stuff to save quite a few people in a third world country.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
I'd argue a guillotine would offer much more reliability and better results for much cheaper. There's no chance for unfortunate survivals, it requires less maintenance than guns, can be maintained by just about anybody, cannot misfire, does little noise (which is important in enclosed space) and has very little chance of mechanical or human failure. Additionally, it's insanely cheap. It can be rigged to operate itself easily, much more easily than a gun. So, why should we use a gun and not a guillotine ? 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I think the problem with both guns and guillotines is that they're horrendously gruesome.  With a lethal injection, or even a hanging, there isn't a bunch of arterial blood spray showering the surroundings.  Reliability isn't the issue, and the humaneness isn't the issue.  It's the appearance.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Humaneness is the issue, for the executioner not the condemned.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Humaneness is not the issue, there is absolutely nothing humane about execution, regardless of the form it comes in	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I would argue that it is more humane to execute selected few, than to leave them to general population or even prison population.Since the latter produces more deaths and suffering, not to mention economic cost overall.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Why is it humane? What if they are wrongly convicted? The humane thing to do is punish them, rehabilitate them, and when safe put them back into society. Execution is what you do to rabid dogs, not ill human beings.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Why is it humane? What if they are wrongly convicted? The humane thing to do is punish them, rehabilitate them, and when safe put them back into society.Yeah I know. The problem is there are people that are not rehabilitable. I assume you will aggree to that. People who will do evil things no matter through which program you put them, no matter for how long you will lock them out. And they will be a danger for everyone in the meantime. What will you do with these people?Keeping them locked out, getting other inmates in danger. Keeping them in isolation for the rest of their lives? Effectively torturing them with isolation? Costing significantly more than any other detainment method.Letting them out, obviously is out of the question. Execution is what you do to rabid dogs, not ill human beings.I'm sorry but that's non sequitur. I can just as say that rabid humans deserve fast and painless execution, rather than linch mobbing.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 The problem is there are people that are not rehabilitable.And they will stay in jail for as long as the law allows it.   What will you do with these people?Send them to jail. If they are truly ill then have them sent to a psych ward.  Letting them out, obviously is out of the question.Why is it? We have psychiatric wards which are built specifically to solve this exact issue. And when people are deemed no longer ill they are allowed to leave. That is humane society.There's nothing humane about execution.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I consider that a pro and not a con. If you are killing someone it probably should be gruesome. And if you're worrying about how gruesome it is you've really got backwards priorities. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Why should it be gruesome ? Considering it's a poor deterrent and quite costly, the only reason to kill a prisoner is to permanently remove it because he's a threat. Is he less remove if the execution isn't gruesome ?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Nah. It's more just that, I think if executions were more gruesome, they would seem more like what they really are: killing someone. It's not super-important but I definitely don't think it's very important that the execution *isn't* gruesome. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Yeah, but it's not entirely up to the prison or the people performing the executions.  They need to appease the rest of society, who apparently have a problem with bloody executions.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Pretty much my point exactly. If people have a problem with bloody executions, they really shouldn't be executing people.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
This is the wrong argument. People have a problem with bloody executions because, in general, people hold a value that gore and destruction of the human body is wrong. Illogical or irrational it may be (a dead man is a dead man, whether he has his head or not), the justice system is based on the value system of the population that employs it.Besides, there are other considerations to be made when discussing bloody and gruesome executions--should human beings have to preside over those? You realize that that's probably a pretty traumatic thing to have to endure as an executioner if the guy you just guillotined's blood just splattered all over your face, right? Besides--our society values funerals and the burial of human remains--a bloody and disfigured corpse would be cruel to the innocent bereaved.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
What about asphyxiation by nitrogen or other inert gas other than CO2?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
How fast would it kill you?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
2 minutes.. 5 if you are in peak physical form. It is also painless and not noticeable unless you are paying attention. This is because breathing is controlled by [CO2 concentration in the blood](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breathing#Unconscious_control) rather than by O2 saturation.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Gassing people is gennerally a no-no. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
It's not poisonous gas. We breathe in nitrogen with every breath. This is breathing in regular air without oxygen. You get high and then you go to sleep, forever. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I can't offer a mechanical reason why, just my personal preference. A guillotine looks far, far more menacing than a gun, and would invoke more dread and fear in me. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
You don't really need to see it however, it can be made has subtle as being strapped to a self-aiming self-firing gun. More importantly, however, is that there's *no way* you can survive a guillotine. Also, I feel like cutting a head clean off would be much less gruesome than blowing someone's neck. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
A modern guillotine would probably look far different. A relatively small blade probably, driven by maybe a pneumatic piston or something. Likely very compact.In effect, it wouldn't be that much different than your gun actually.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The main opposition towards capital punishment isn't as much the method as it is the notion of killing someone. I think the two strongest counterarguments is that is is often times far more expensive to execute someone compared to keeping them locked up for life, as well as the shockingly common incidents of executing people who were later found to be innocent. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
You're right, but this has practically nothing to do with the topic of this thread.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
How can it possibly be more expensive to kill someone than to feed and house them for life?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  Cases without the death penalty cost $740,000, while cases where the death penalty is sought cost $1.26 million. Maintaining each death row prisoner costs taxpayers $90,000 more per year than a prisoner in general population. There are 714 inmates on California's death row.http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penalty	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Because often you still have to feed and house a death row inmate for life, because they don't want to die and will continue to appeal to save/prolong their lives for decades. The appeals process is an added expense, making death row inmates costlier.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Legal fees from appeals, etc. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
A system that's really inefficient at killing criminals but very streamlined at putting them in prison	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
You let them have ten thousand appeals 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Because in capital cases they always max out their appeals, which costs hundreds of thousands of not a million in court fees	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I don't understand how that is relevant to the OPs post?           I think they are just saying that given that the death penalty exists, which methods we use to carry it out.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  why don't we use a method that is 100% fatal and completely humanePeople can survive gunshots to the head and if they don't its messy, people go to executions for whatever reason, watching some die from lethal injection way different than someone being shot in the head	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Has anyone survived a gunshot to the spinal cord at the base of the neck? 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Being shot in the spinal cord wouldn't kill you immediately. As the brain would still be intact, there would be seconds while the brain ran out of blood and oxygen. If the bullet penetrated without destroying an artery, then the person could die relatively slowly.To avoid pain, the gun would have to shoot the brain directly. You'd probably want more than one gun because misfires happen.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Sure, you could have 2, 3, hell you could have 10. It still wouldn't be expensive. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The main argument, I think, is that it would disfigure the body. I know it's weird but people are squeamish. Where this matters is when innocent people are executed. It happens surprisingly often. When innocent people are killed via lethal injection, the state says "sorry" and goes on with the executions. It's poor for public relations when an innocent person has their head removed in an incredibly graphic way. Basically, the reason we use lethal injection over a mechanical gun device is about PR, not humanitarianism. If the media ran with graphic execution videos of innocent people, the future of the death penalty would be in doubt. The death penalty is already a bit of an elephant when it comes to diplomacy with America. Making it graphic could exacerbate that.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I don't disagree with anything you say.. it's just all very depressing. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Well, sure it's depressing. But it seems to me that the real reason behind capital punishment is so that people can wack off in their pants about killing the bad guys and/or enjoy the power or comfort of having their state dole out the ultimate punishment. Humanitarianism doesn't really play much of a part in this though. If we're going to kill people, keep it good clean family fun. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Thats totally dependent on this happening, and its not really a humane of killing people  Paralysis and loss of sensation of part of the body are common. This includes total paralysis or numbness, and loss of movement and feeling. **Death is possible, especially if there is paralysis of the breathing muscles.**https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/001066.htm	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
From that article, it seems that gunshot wounds are indirectly related, as it mentions "fragments from gunshot". I highly doubt that a direct shot at the spinal cord from a high power gun would ever leave the person alive. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
http://m.hopkinsmedicine.org/healthlibrary/conditions/physical_medicine_and_rehabilitation/spinal_cord_injury_85,P01180/Scroll down to C2-3 "Usually fatal as a result of inability to breathe"It's not always fatal, and it's not instant	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  gunshot wounds are indirectly related, as it mentions "fragments from gunshot". This means the parts of the bullet, which is what the main damage from a gunshot is.Exactly what is the mechanism from a gunshot to a spinal cord do you think causes 100% instant death?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I feel like severing the brain completely from the body causes near instant death. A gunshot can do that, but a fragment could only take out part of the cord, or imbed itself in it. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  "Usually fatal as a result of inability to breathe"Suffocation isn't instant death	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Yes, and that wasn't a bullet to the spinal cord at point plank. That was a shard of a bullet or something much less powerful that just damaged some specific Vertebrae. The source has nothing to do with what would happen in the situation the OP is describing. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I'm not sure about this. Sure, with a pistol or something, but what about with a high-powered sniper rifle type-thing? Is that really possible to survive? 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Capital punishment methods have three things to consider when permitting a method. First is lethality. A bullet to the head is not a guaranteed death and can quite easily be botched by the shooter. Second is if it's humane. This means it is not purposefully malicious or causes undue suffering. Last but most important its the effect it can have on the executioner. In the USA firing squad has recently been reinstated but the method is far from what you describe.  about 5 shooters are set up to fire on the heart and one person has blanks. They all open fire on the bound and blindfolded (bagged) recipient and they die due to bleeding. The issue with this is it is physiologically very damaging to the executioners (less so than if it was one sole shooter but still damaging). The issues with your idea of a "better" method is you now put the full psychological impact of pulling that trigger on the one person who set up the machine and activated it. You also greatly increase risk of missing the target due to the recipient's ability to move/failure to properly align. Think about what you are likely to hit if you are just a few inches off target. You can hit the neck and nick the carotid artery causing the person to die in minuets and in extreme panic and pain, or you can nick the cord but fail to sever it allowing the bullet to puncture the esophagus leading to the person drowning on their own blood.  Most importantly you end up introducing so many steps that the risk of failure is almost guaranteed.If you want a truly humane method of execution push for Inert gas asphyxiation. Little to no suffering for anyone involved and 100% success rate.  	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Personally, I think the "one gun has blanks" is a bitch move.  If you are going to be part of executing, at least sack up and say "yes, this is what I am doing."  Don't have one of you have blanks so you can all pretend maybe it wasn't you.  If I were gonna be executed, I would be pissed off that the people doing it were going to try and wash their hands of responsibility.          (I'm generally not super favorable toward having the death penalty at all FWIW, but I don't like the whole idea of trying to avoid responsibility.)	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
You evidently haven't been in a situation where you could be on a firing squad.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I wouldn't do it unless I was comfortable doing it and taking responsibility for my actions.         I've never been on a firing squad, so I'm not saying I guarantee it would be easy or wouldn't trouble me at all, or that anybody who is disturbed by it is a pussy.  I'm saying I would either do it and take responsibility, or not do it at all.  But I would do it while hiding behind the "maybe i was the one with the blanks" to try and wash my hands of responsibility.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Nobody on the squad washes his hands of responsibility. For some, the possibility of blanks lets them sleep at night.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
That is a contradiction.  How else does it let them sleep at night other than feeling like diminished responsibility?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The whole situation you're misinterpreting. There's nothing unethical or immoral about using the blank by any stretch of the imagination and it's incredibly hard for people to cope with the situation otherwise. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
It's the State that wants to execute the criminal and bears responsibility, not the poor schmuck who has the shitty job of actually doing it. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I'm not a physiologist, but there must be some way to kill someone with a guaranteed success rate using a gun. A poster previously mentioned firing the gun at the back of the neck severing the spinal cord, but also pointing up so the bullet passes through the brain as well. No one can survive that. So lethality is in check.Absolutely no pain, so it's humane. Much more so than lethal injection.And as far as psychological damage on the executioner, the brilliant thing is, there doesn't even need to be one. Someone has to setup the machine, but beyond that? It could be programmed to fire at a certain time, or be activated by remote from another room. The person activating it wouldn't even have to see the inmate. Dying by gas is just as horrifying a thought to me as death by lethal injection.Overall, I think how someone is to be executed should be up to the person who is going to be executed. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I think you misunderstand what I mean by Inert gas asphyxiation. So far only a couple states have passed it. What you are likely thinking of is gas a gas chamber execution. Those use a chemical that causes the lungs to be irritated forcing mucus to be built up and the person drowns in said build up. You quite likely have experienced Inert gas asphyxiation though not to the point of death. It's laughing gas. The same thing nearly every dentist and anesthesiologist has used. It doesn't hurt nor can you taste or smell it. You might experience a high like symptom. The idea of setting up a loaded gun in a room that will at some point go off doesn't sound at all dangerous to you? Lets walk through what would need to happen for your idea to work. First you need to build the thing to in a way that will minimize failure but allow it to go off on a set time. Next you need to secure the person to something like a board from head to toe so they can't mess up the shot. Next you need to set the person up in the perfect position because remember just one inch off leads to agonizing death that lasts minuets. Than you leave the person there. Alone with their thoughts waiting for the eventual and inevitable shot for what would likely be a long time. The reason they would have to wait for a long time is because you don't want to rush the prep. Most importantly you also run the risk of it going off prematurely at any point putting every one in front of it at risk. Does that sound humane to you? 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Overall, I think how someone is to be executed should be up to the person who is going to be executed.This opens you up to ridiculous requests, i.e. "I want to drown in pussy."	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Utah already allows execution by firing squad.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Firing squad... at a distance. That doesn't kill you instantly. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
It generally does, actually.  There's multiple bullets fired by skilled marksmen, and even one bullet to the head will typically kill immediately.  If I had to personally pick I'd take firing squad over a rigged contraption.  I mean, I'd take "pushed off a cliff" as my option 2 for the fun of the free fall, but firing squad would be number 3 for sure.  Any of them would be well above lethal injection though.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Firing squads aim at the hear not the head. The person being shot is also strapped down and mostly immobile. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Well, the specific way someone wants to do isn't really the point, moreso that lethal injection itself is utterly terrifying to me and seems well within the "cruel and unusual" punishment range. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
People like to have funerals and open casket viewings.  Mangled heads is unpleasant for the family to have to deal with. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I would say this as someone who has been shot. It not how I would choose to go.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Why sever the spinal cord and not shot up into the brain?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I've heard of some people surviving a gunshot wound to the brain.It seems rather inconvenient that no matter where you shoot someone, there's always some incident out there where a human has survived it somehow. So 100% fatal may be incorrect... but it's well within the 99% range. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  but it's well within the 99% range. You're making the 99% sound like its a fact when you're guessing...	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
How can you possibly say it's 99%?	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I meant through the spinal cord, I mean there is an incredibly thin chance of surviving each sepperately but both seem even less likely.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Decapitation is a much more reliable, speedy, and relatively painless execution method than a shot to the back of the head or neck.  While usually fatal, shots to the back of the head or neck are survivable.  When they are fatal, they can sometimes take days to die from.  The bullet needs to be placed extremely precisely to result in an instant death, something which would be unable to be guaranteed.  A slight error in placement, the condemned prisoner moving just a bit, or even the bullet taking a funny bounce when striking bone can all drastically affect how much and what kind of damage is done.Meanwhile, decapitation is 100% lethal, takes effect in mere seconds, is pretty hard to mess up even with only so-so equipment, and would be a relatively small amount of pain (mostly due to the person passing out very quickly from loss of blood pressure).	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Oklahoma and Utah both use firing squads as an option for execution. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 For my own personal opinion of it, lethal injection would be utter horror. I have a serious phobia of needles and drugs. I'd rather die burning alive than receiving a lethal injection. The thought of it, being strapped to a table with an IV jammed into my vein and lethal drugs pumped into my system.. I feel light headed just typing this.Along with  I can't offer a mechanical reason why, just my personal preference. A guillotine looks far, far more menacing than a gun, and would invoke more dread and fear in me.and Well, the specific way someone wants to do isn't really the point, moreso that lethal injection itself is utterly terrifying to me and seems well within the "cruel and unusual" punishment range.and Dying by gas is just as horrifying a thought to me as death by lethal injection.Overall, I think how someone is to be executed should be up to the person who is going to be executed.Here's the thing: You are being executed. The reason you are being executed is that you have been found guilty, repeatedly because almost every death sentence case goes through as many appeals as possible, of something that warrants the death penalty. You didn't drive 46 mph in a 45, pay your bus fare in dimes and intentionally come up $0.10 short, roll through a stop sign, or some other illegal activity and the courts have decided you should die. You killed someone. Or multiple someones. There might be a few other things that get the death penalty, but most of the time it's because death was part of the crime. Whether or not there are innocent people who are executed, and there is a lot of evidence that points to that happening more frequently than most people are comfortable with is an entirely different argument, but for what we're looking at here, you did something that the criminal justice system has decided should be punishable by death. If you're squeamish around needles, think the guillotine looks scary, gas is horrifying, etc. that shouldn't mean a "chose your own adventure" option. Someone else mentioned "drowning in pussy" as an absurd suggestion, but "having my brain/spinal chord blown all over the place so some guy who's likely getting paid a pretty crap salary has to clean up the little bits of me that are sprayed all over the room" seems like a pretty gruesome punishment for someone who didn't commit a crime.Personally, I find being put to death by any means terrifying. Does that mean I shouldn't be executed even if I am found guilty of a crime and given the death penalty? Even if I thought "being smothered by 100 kittens" was the best way to go, why are we indulging the criminal's desires when the whole point is that we are punishing them? We give them a last meal as a courtesy, but they are still executed.Personally, I don't agree with the death penalty. I think that the American justice/penal system (I'm assuming that's where this is coming from) has a lot of problems that need to be addressed and while disincentives and punishments for crimes are necessary to prevent people from committing them, the current system leans more towards vengeance than justice. Instead of asking ourselves "is the punishment sufficient to rehabilitate the criminal and dissuade them (and other potential criminals) from committing crime in the future?" it seems to be more "does the person who the crime effects, or their family feel like their life has been appropriately ruined for the amount of suffering they experienced?" We call it "corrections" or "rehabilitation" in some parts of the world, because the point of the system in every case except the death penalty and life without parole is to release that person back into society hoping they have changed for the better, and that seems to be the part we pay the least attention to, instead of making their lives a living hell for the duration of their incarceration. It has also been pointed out that your gun idea has some flaws because of your assumption that gun=instant killing machine. While guns exist to kill things/people they aren't a 100% miracle device, and if you talk to anyone who has been in a situation where guns have been used lethally, they likely have more than a few horror stories about how that isn't the case. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
The point is that lethal injection would be "cruel and unusual" punishment for me, and many others. The gun option is full-proof if you involve more than one gun. Have 10 guns programmed to fire on the brain. NO ONE is going to survive ten bullets to the brain. Even if someone committed a crime so heinous they deserve death in societies eye, it shouldn't be done in a cruel way. That's a very poor reflection on us as a society if we allow that. Punishment should be the last priority of the justice system.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  Justice William Brennan.[3] In Furman v. Georgia, 408 U.S. 238 (1972), Justice Brennan wrote, "There are, then, four principles by which we may determine whether a particular punishment is 'cruel and unusual'." The "essential predicate" is "that a punishment must not by its severity be degrading to human dignity," especially torture. "A severe punishment that is obviously inflicted in wholly arbitrary fashion." (Furman v. Georgia temporarily suspended capital punishment for this reason.) "A severe punishment that is clearly and totally rejected throughout society." "A severe punishment that is patently unnecessary." And he added: "The function of these principles, after all, is simply to provide means by which a court can determine whether a challenged punishment comports with human dignity. They are, therefore, interrelated, and, in most cases, it will be their convergence that will justify the conclusion that a punishment is "cruel and unusual." The test, then, will ordinarily be a cumulative one: if a punishment is unusually severe, if there is a strong probability that it is inflicted arbitrarily, if it is substantially rejected by contemporary society, and if there is no reason to believe that it serves any penal purpose more effectively than some less severe punishment, then the continued infliction of that punishment violates the command of the Clause that the State may not inflict inhuman and uncivilized punishments upon those convicted of crimes."That was lifted from our friends over at Wikipedia, but is supposed to be the parameters of the Eighth amendment. So, according to the 8th, you could argue that " there is no reason to believe that it serves any penal purpose more effectively than some less severe punishment" for the death penalty in any form, that it is "patently unnecessary" or any number of other things that conflict directly with the 8th amendment against the death penalty. I would agree with you, and Georgia did too for a while. To suggest that lethal injection is "cruel and unusual" for you and anyone else who doesn't like needles, doesn't fall within the definition. If your life was in danger and medical intervention was the answer, short of you sighting religious reasons, they will give you a needle or IV in a hospital regardless to how squeamish you are. If doing a blood test could give them information that could save your life, are you going to deny them from doing that? Have you, and most other people in the western world had needles before without society recoiling at the thought of it? You are suggesting that in your situation it would be "A severe punishment that is clearly and totally rejected throughout society." but our society actually strongly encourages and benefits from injections, and the only difference with the legal injection is the contents of the syringe. "Something I am not personally comfortable with" does not translate to "cruel and unusual punishment" in the eyes of the law.  The gun option is full-proof if you involve more than one gun. Have 10 guns programmed to fire on the brain. NO ONE is going to survive ten bullets to the brain.There are places where death by firing squad is still an option. While that might not be considered cruel and unusual punishment for the person being shot to death, I would argue that it is for the people that have to pull the trigger(s) and especially the guy who has to clean up the mess. Even if you did your whole "set up a bunch of guns and have them activated by a remote in a different location" someone still needs to point all of the guns at the person to be executed, someone needs to pull the trigger or push the button. That is not an easy thing to do for anyone, (although I doubt the person that has to administer the lethal injection is free of baggage either) but I can't imagine being the guy that has to mop up all the chunks of your brain that are sprayed all over the room, or pry the bullets out of the wall, or move your body from where it ends up to a body bag/casket. We don't have to think just about the person being executed, but the people involved in that process as well.  Even if someone committed a crime so heinous they deserve death in societies eye, it shouldn't be done in a cruel way. That's a very poor reflection on us as a society if we allow that. Punishment should be the last priority of the justice system.I agree and go one step further that society should not be given death as an option. As I mentioned above, I feel that option is often pursued because the victim/their family have a desire for vengeance instead of justice. I just don't agree that your personal definition of "cruel" aligns with the law, death by firing squad could also be someone else's personal definition of "cruel" and we're right back where you started.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
By that legal definition I can't argue against it. That 10% of people would consider it cruel doesn't seem to qualify as rejected by society. Like you, I wish the death penalty didn't exist at all. It serves little function besides satisfying the perverse and often biblical urge for vengeance that a lot of people have. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Sounds like your view has been changed...	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I don't know. I can't argue against it within the legal framework presented, but I still think lethal injection shouldn't be the norm. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 I have a serious phobia of needles and drugs.Irrelevant. Phobias are, by definition, irrational, so it's not cruel or unusual. So the question is, why don't we use a method that is 100% fatal and completely humane, namely a high-powered gun attached to a mechanical trigger (so no one has to hold it manually to fire it) aimed at the back of the neck to sever the spinal cord instantly.This isn't "100% foolproof." You'd be surprised what the human body can endure. Not to mention you'd need to place the gun in the perfect position, and that position would likely change between offenders due to height, weight, build, body fat, etc. And if you overpower the gun just slightly, or screw up the positioning? You now have the potential to kill a bystander, or the potential to not actually kill the offender, and so we're back to square one. Finally, there'd be quite a bit of mess to clean up afterwards, and the trauma for the bystanders associated with watching someone's neck be blown open.If you want something that can't really be screwed up; nitrogen asphyxiation. No stress, no mess, no feeling of choking, no lethal chemicals. You just drift out of consciousness and die.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Just because it's an irrational fear doesn't mean it doesn't count in cruel and unusual. It's estimated at least 10% of people have this phobia, so it's not some rare thing that only ten people have. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
 Just because it's an irrational fear doesn't mean it doesn't count in cruel and unusualNo, in the legal sense, it does. Cruel and unusual punishment is such that prolongs suffering, is gory (for example--shooting someone with a high-powered gun in the back of the neck), or requires the cooperation of the victim. You being irrationally fearful of needles doesn't make it cruel. It'd be cruel if the injection didn't work (which oftentimes happens) and your suffering was prolonged, but your fear doesn't make it cruel or unusual.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Would it be cruel if 50% of people had an irrational fear of needles? Or 90%? 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Perhaps if the public deigned death by lethal injection cruel and unusual, maybe. That's different from having an irrational fear of needles. I don't think you'd argue that the irrational fear most people have is of death--dying is inevitable and the after-life is unknowable, and thus, illogical to fear, yet death isn't considered cruel and unusual punishment by the populace.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
Fearing something inevitable isn't irrational if it is the epitome of every horror and despair imaginable, which is what death is, oblivion... nothing. Fearing death is perhaps the only rational fear to have. 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
It's irrational to be afraid of something that you cannot prevent, and the consequences of which are, to our knowledge, just as likely to be beneficial (a benevolent after-life) as they are to be detrimental (a shitty after-life). It makes sense to fear the pain involved in certain deaths, but not dying itself. You have no idea what happens after death, and will not know until it happens--and it is irrational to fear something you don't, and cannot, know.You seem to think that oblivion is a negative or fearful thing. How can nothingness be fearful? If you are nothing, you cannot experience nothing--even if the experience of nothing were to be feared, you would not exist to experience it.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
I do know what happens after death, nothing. There is no after-life, just.. nothing. Which is much worse than the positive of my life.Fearing a trip to perpetual, eternal neutrality is not irrational, even if it can't be avoided (although thankfully even that is debatable now). 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
People are squeamish to the responsibility I'd your going to carry out a death sentence it should be hanging, beheading,  or firing squad if you can't manage to find someone willing to execute the sentence because of moral concerns let the person live. The idea of turning it over to drugs and the state is cowardice by the people and moral ineptitude. Taking a life even of the condemned is nothing good it's a terrible thing to be needing to be done but trying to wash your hands of the act in that means is wrong 	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  Killing  Humane  Oxymoron.There's no justification for capital punishment (or really punishment in general...) There's no purpose. Does it make society safer? No. Does it bring back the people that have been killed? No. Criminals aren't going to  cause much harm to the world behind bars so murdering them is completely unnecessary. The idea of punishment is **petty.** It's the way a child would respond to a situation. Prisions should be about preventing further harm to society, and rehabilitation. While I doubt that anyone that you would find on death row would ever be rehabilitated and trusted to walk free, they still deserve the right to live. An eye for an eye makes the world blind.The idea of killing somebody humanely is fucking sick. It's just a way of making people feel a tiny bit better about cold blooded murder.	Death Penalty should be done by gunshot
  I don't understand why locking someone up for life is beneficial to anyone. It gives you time to appeal if you are innocent. It's beneficial for the people who didn't commit the crime.  If someone does a crime so atrocious that society deems them unable to return from it, then I believe the death penalty is justified.It may be justified if we have 100% certainty they are guilty, but we never have 100% certainty. How many innocent people are you ready to kill just to save a bit of money?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The death penalty is more expensive than a lifetime sentence. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
How so?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The trial itself costs more and all the appeals.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Yep. Also death row is way more expensive to run than regular prison.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
And still more expensive if we increased welfare and education dollars. One inmate in a CA prison is 40k, but my district gets 5.5k a kid. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Well to be fair on that the prisoner has to be housed, fed, provided medical care, etc. The average student's parent(s) take care of most of that unless the student is on a lunch program and social services for the rest. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
If we're looking to rehab, it might be worth it to have them handle themselves as much as possible. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 An argument against abuse is never an argument against use.This oft-repeated statement about the death penalty bothers me. In philosophical (or moral, other non-practical) conversations about the validity of the death penalty in general, a confusing statement related only to a current terrible system has no place. Barring the exceptionally bad death penalty system currently in the states, in general, an execution is cheaper than paying lifetime upkeep for a terrible person.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  an execution is cheaper than paying lifetime upkeep for a terrible person.1) I disagree with you, unless we abandon what I consider *vital* liberties for those facing the death penalty2)   In philosophical (or moral, other non-practical) conversations about the validity of the death penalty in general, a confusing statement related only to a current terrible system has no place.Who said this was a philosophical conversation? We're talking about the death penalty. *The one that actually exists.* So I'm using facts based on how it exists. If it were cheaper, my facts would be different. But it isn't, so they're not. Stop trying to hide behind straw man arguments about whether the death penalty is valid or not in some hypothetical world. I'm not making an argument that the death penalty is *moral* or not based on how cheap it *could* be, I'm simply stating how cheap it *isn't.*(by the way, I'm not arguing for OR against, even though you obviously want me to. I'm just stating facts)	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The second the OP said "should be used," we started discussing what kind of system we would want to see implemented. Given that, we don't have to worry about how bad or expensive  the current system is. Given prison operating costs, I think the burden of proof is on you to show that *in general* the cost of an execution is higher than paying for guards, meals, rent etc. of life in prison. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  Given prison operating costs, I think the burden of proof is on you to show that in general the cost of an execution is higher than paying for guards, meals, rent etc. of life in prison.http://deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=42http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penaltyhttp://www.forbes.com/sites/kellyphillipserb/2014/05/01/considering-the-death-penalty-your-tax-dollars-at-work/But you're switching your argument.  we started discussing what kind of system we would want to see implemented.Okay, I want the system where we abolish all prison and courts because everyone stops committing crimes. Why are you arguing for prison sentences, when we could have a system where no one has to go to prison at all?Not so productive, huh? So maybe we should consider things *as they are,* not a perfect idealized world. The death penalty is more expensive than life imprisonment. That's the world we live in. Get it changed, then that argument won't be relevant anymore. But again, that's impossible anyway unless you remove vital liberties and protections for the accused.So you can argue for an impossibility all you want, but it's an invalid argument.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Again, I'm arguing for a general truth that your one specific example (the current U.S. system) doesn't refute.  All of your links only addressed that singular example, without showing anything about general political economy.   Okay, I want the system where we abolish all prison and courts because everyone stops committing crimes. Why are you arguing for prison sentences, when we could have a system where no one has to go to prison at all?Is it really that hard for you to consider a general hypothetical without going off the wall into dream land?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  s it really that hard for you to consider a general hypothetical without going off the wall into dream land?Ok, let's talk hypotheticals. We cut all appeals process, and kill people by having starving dogs eat them. It's practically free. If we'd used that system for the last decade, we'd have murdered *at least* 152 innocent people (http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/innocence-and-death-penalty). The only way your assertions make moral sense is by assuming that somewhere in the world, there is a perfectly accurate justice system, or that humans have the capability of constructing such a system. That is an insane premise. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
What about the justice system related to cost do you specifically think is "terrible"?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
&amp;#8710;This makes sense. I think our system is really complex and we still don't have a perfect solution. Thanks for your comments!	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/NaturalSelectorX.[^NaturalSelectorX's ^delta ^history](/r/ChangeMyView/wiki/user/naturalselectorx) ^| [^delta ^system ^explained](/r/ChangeMyView/wiki/DeltaBot)	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 It may be justified if we have 100% certainty they are guilty, but we never have 100% certainty.I've never understood this argument against the death penalty.  In our system of justice, sentence length has no relationship with required certainty of guilt.  You don't need to be 60% sure to give some community service, but 99% sure to give them 10 years in prison.  It's beyond reasonable doubt, and that's it.Also, death isn't the only thing that's permanent.  Until we invent time travel, everything that happens is permanent.  You can't get 50 years in prison back.  You might say that death is worse than 50 years in prison, but I'm not so sure.  It's at least an open question.You might also say that 50 years in prison can be halted half way through, but really I think if there's any reasonable prospect that someone who's been ruled guilty might later be found not guilty, that's a reasonable doubt and they should be set totally and unconditionally free.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  In our system of justice, sentence length has no relationship with required certainty of guilt.To your first point, death is permanent. There is no going back after you kill someone. Could you accept that our confidence level of guilt is built in to the severity of the punishment? The reason that the death penalty has *mandatory* appeals is so that we can increase our confidence.  You can't get 50 years in prison back. You might say that death is worse than 50 years in prison, but I'm not so sure. You can't get 50 years back, but you get a hell of a lot of money to use on the remainder of your life. I imagine 50 years is on the high end, so losing 20 or so years of your life vs all of it is a huge difference.  but really I think if there's any reasonable prospect that someone who's been ruled guilty might later be found not guilty, that's a reasonable doubt and they should be set totally and unconditionally free.The jury rules on evidence available at the time. You can't predict any future revelations, and rule not guilty based on that.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 it is a huge difference.It's not an *infinite* difference though, so it doesn't require *infinite* certainty. You can't predict any future revelations, and rule not guilty based on that.And if there's any reasonable prospect that there's yet to be discovered evidence that may change the verdict, that's a reasonable doubt and the person should be found not guilty.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  It's not an infinite difference though, so it doesn't requires infinite certainty.I could put it in other terms and say to take 100% of their life requires 100% certainty. While a life sentence is also 100% of their life, it is reversible.  And if there's any reasonable prospect that there's yet to be discovered evidence that may change the verdict, that's a reasonable doubt and the person should be found not guilty.Can you give me an example of how this would actually play out? How do you consider something that you know nothing about? This isn't about a gaping whole in the prosecutors case; it's more like new evidence changes the light in which other evidence is considered. Let's pretend an alibi couldn't be verified, so it was dismissed as a lie. Years from now, a lawyer happens upon a traffic camera image that confirms the alibi. How do you account for that without automatically accepting every alibi?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 I could put it in other terms and say to take 100% of their life requires 100% certainty.How much certainty does it require to take 100% of their 30s?  Does it take 50% certainty to let them live half their life, and then kill them?  Can you imprison someone for 10% of their life expectancy if you're 90% sure they didn't do it?None of this makes sense - you're trying to apply arithmetic to a moral problem.  It's like asking how much Charity * (76 / The Hippocratic oath) equals.  It just doesn't make any sense.What does make sense is that nobody has the right to violate another human being's rights, unless that human being is beyond all reasonable doubt a dangerous person in some way or another, at which point you can do something in self defense against them (like put them in jail).You can never be 100% certain.  You can always be *twice* as certain, and that amount of certainty will always be less than 100%. Can you give me an example of how this would actually play out?Well for example if I'm the most famous and distinctive looking person in the world and I gratuitously murder someone on stage for fun while being broadcast live from multiple camera angles, and then sign several confessions in front of people and psychiatrists who give me a full bill of health.This is a scenario where not only is there no evidence to exonerate me, but there's really no realistic prospect that some might present it's self in the future.Is there any evidence that an alien being used shape shifting and mind control to frame me?  No.  Is there technically a non-zero chance that such fanciful evidence might present it's self in the future?  Yes, but clearly it's *wildly wildly* unlikely, and well beyond any reasonable doubt.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
They have shown that in truly terrible crimes people are actually more likely to wrongfully convict someone. So the chances that the person on death row is innocent are higher than the chances that the person given community service is. All you have to do is look at the number of sentences commuted once DNA became available to really start questioning the whole practice. Although, my biggest issue with the death penalty is more that it has been shown to have a huge racial disparity in how it is administered. So its hardly fair. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The problems you're describing are with verdicts, not sentences.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 It may be justified if we have 100% certainty they are guilty, but we never have 100% certainty.We can never have 100% certainty of anything. How many people are you willing to risk locking up for life? How many people are you willing to risk get a false parking ticket? I mean you need to have some faith in the justice system 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  2) It's really expensive.Actually, it's even more expensive to use the death penalty. Also, you have the issue about the danger of executing innocent people.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Why is the death penalty more expensive?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
First of all, here is some information that might interest you: http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penaltyThe Death Penalty costs more than $1 million more than life in prison in most states, with the most expensive executions occurring in California (over $300 million.)  Source: http://articles.latimes.com/2011/jun/20/local/la-me-adv-death-penalty-costs-20110620 The reason for these high costs is that there are so many extra appeals and evaluations of the evidence before a person can be condemned to death. So you have to ask yourself what would bring you more joy.  If $1 million dollars were used to remove one odious criminal from the planet (a criminal who would otherwise remain safely behind bars) or if $1 million dollars were used on anything else,  say education or medical research.  	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
&amp;#8710;Edit: I was not aware of these statistics, and they support what others have said above. Edit #2- Apparently I need to write more so the delta will go through. I'm really surprised that the death penalty costs so much, and I wonder if steps can be taken to reduce the costs. A lot of our government's policies are not cost effective, and it would be interesting to investigate the judicial system.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  I wonder if steps can be taken to reduce the costs.Gallows right after the guilty verdict. You can even reuse the rope.But is that really how we want our judicial system to play out?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
You need to add a reason for your delta.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/Skydragon222.[^Skydragon222's ^delta ^history](/r/ChangeMyView/wiki/user/skydragon222) ^| [^delta ^system ^explained](/r/ChangeMyView/wiki/DeltaBot)	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Can anyone respond to get you to recheck the comment or does it have to be op?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Check it again bot.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
why not claim the cost is to cut or eland mandatory appeals? 1 million better spent making sure a murderer who got 50 years actually committed the crime or 0 dollars, 1 million spend making sure...murderer...death actually committed the crime or 0 dollars spent doing that	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
the endless appeals process.From [deathpenalty.org](http://deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=42) The death penalty is much more expensive than life without parole because the Constitution requires a long and complex judicial process for capital cases. This process is needed in order to ensure that innocent men and woman are not executed for crimes they did not commit, and even with these protections the risk of executing an innocent person can not be completely eliminated.It later says: California has spent more than $4 billion on capital punishment since it was reinstated in 1978 (about $308 million for each of the 13 executions carried out) California spends an additional $184 million on the death penalty per year because of the additional costs of capital trials, enhanced security on death row, and legal representation. The study’s authors predict that the cost of the death penalty will reach $9 billion by 2030.If you just do a quick google search of "why is the death penalty so expensive?" you will see many sources that say the same thing.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The trial, appeals, and death row are all highly expensive. Of course it's tempting to say "simple, just get rid of appeals and death row," but they contribute to the death penalty's accuracy. Incorrect verdicts get overturned at those stages.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
How do you feel about the possibility of wrongly accused or people sentenced with bias being executed?	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
And just this week a man was released from prison after 30 years on death row  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-32178121	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
That is definitely something that needs to be considered. However, how often are cases straightforward? In many cases we know exactly what happened and that the person did the crime. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
  In many cases we know exactly what happened and that the person did the crime.Not only is that not the case, but you ignore bias. The entire sentencing structure is prone to subjectivity. 	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
You should take a few moments to read [this](http://www.criminaljusticedegreesguide.com/features/10-infamous-cases-of-wrongful-execution.html).The third case is especially well known and actually back in the news because the Prosecuting Attorney is now in trouble for violating that "murderer's" constitutional rights which could have exonerated him.The evidence against him included arson forensics which a second investigation showed were "based on old wive's tales", but were dismissed by the Governor because... politics, as well as testimony from a prisoner who would receive a lighter sentence if he was convicted (by the way, his defense wasn't made aware of this deal the prosecution made which was the previously mentioned violation).Remember, "Beyond Reasonable Doubt" is NOT 100% in the American Justice System, it is whatever the Jury considers "reasonable".	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
I've actually got a stock answer for this one.1)  Sentencing someone to death and actually going through the whole death row process, the appeals, and finally the execution can be more expensive than a life sentence.2)  When you put people to death, you put innocent people to death.  Full stop.  The more people you give the death penalty, the more innocent people you give the death penalty.  So we should seek to sentence as few people to death as possible, as some fraction of those will always be innocent.  At least if someone gets a life sentence, they can later be freed and recompensed.  Obviously that doesn't make up for stealing someone's best years on earth because they were in the wrong place at the wrong time, but it's better than apologizing to a tombstone.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Just this week I saw two posts on Reddit about [a wrongfully convicted man released from death row after 28 years](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/31fjfu/alabama_man_off_death_row_after_28_years_to/) and another [innocent man who spent 40 years in prison](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/31fnic/picture_of_an_man_that_was_imprisoned_for_40/).If we had followed your idea and executed people who otherwise would have served long sentences, these men would be dead right now instead of being exonerated.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
Another major point of punishment is "deterrence" and "retribution."  If you're that much in favor of rehabilitation, I'll ignore your likely objection to retribution (which is certainly an arguable position).Let's talk about deterrence instead.  Deterrence = (likelihood of punishment) + (time).  That means in order for punishment to effectively deter, there has to be a clear likelihood of punishment, and that punishment has to happen quickly enough.The death penalty is terrible on both of those counts.  As even Supreme Court justices have noted, "death is different."  The stakes are higher.  Every little thing the trial court did that may be in error deserve much more time and attention.  Appellate hearings will be extensive and costly.  The certainty of the punishment actually happening and how quickly the punishment would occur both disappear- which makes it no longer an effective deterrent.There are also serious practical considerations.  Many state have special capital defense offices because the kind of preparation that's necessary to prepare for a capital trial is different from other trials.  The defense lawyer would have an obligation to investigate everything in order to try and keep death off the table.  The pre-trial litigation stage would be much longer and extensive.Practically speaking, having the death penalty for many more crimes would create such a strain on the justice system that it probably wouldn't be able to function.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 I believe prison should be used to rehabilitate individuals so that they may return to society. Prison's #1 use is to isolate criminals from society so innocent people aren't hurt again. I don't understand why locking someone up for life is beneficial to anyone. It's beneficial to society to not have murderers, rapists, thieves, kidnappers, embezzlers and so on running around free to commit crimes again.  I don't agree that people should be locked up until they die. 1) It doesn't help them. It's not about them.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
4 reasons for punishment deterrenceincapacitation (a child murderer in jail will not kill more kids)retribution rehabbut you could argue this is too simple: for instance whose retribution: victim? the state? or which specific group is being deterred )and does this matter?)? similarly rehab can have a "return to society" function but can also have a "right thinking moral agent" function that all humans should aspire to be (i think this argument would be strongest from a religious standpoint). you can justify life sentences for other reasons including retribution (death is too good for you, stay alive and suffer) and combined with fears of false conviction may provide safer incapacitation than murder (someone killed cannot be set free when evidence emerges 5 years later exonerating them).	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
1) It might help them or help others. Even if they will not be released, they are living human with the capacity to change. They might come to regret what they did, try to reach out to victims, or just be a cautionary tale to shorter-term inmates to straighten up so they don't end up in jail for life.2) It actually costs more to execute somebody than to keep them for life, because a person has so many appeals before actually having to face the death penalty. That's why it often takes 20 years for someone sentences to death to actually receive the sentence. The legal fees are astronomical.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
A death sentence is dramatically more expensive than a life sentence. the death penalty is just a waste of resources for no reason but to fulfill some fruitless idea of an eye for an eye	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
The death penalty is more expensive than life in prison (at least in the US) and as such it is beneficial to not execute people to not only save money but also to prevent the state from taking the lives of innocent men who could later be exonerated by new evidence.Also, life in prison serves as a better deterrent than the death penalty.No crime puts a person beyond redemption, and even if they may be a psychopathic individual incapable of returning to normal society, they deserve a chance for attempted treatment of their illness and the possibility of them doing something to benefit society rather than wasting time and money executing them.	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
 If someone does a crime so atrocious that society deems them unable to return from it, It's impossible to prove with 100% certainty that this has actually happened. There are plenty of cases where people sentenced to die have waited on death row, only later to be found innocent. Your premise only holds if there's an omniscient being capable of perfectly determining truth &amp; guilt, that can also inform the justice system. Theocracy, I guess?  1) It doesn't help themIf you imagine life stops when prison starts, you're right, but there're plenty of people who receive food, water, reading materials, mental healthcare, etc. during their period of imprisonment. I'd say that's better than being dead. 2) it's really expensiveIt's not, it's way cheaper than sentencing someone to die. Seehttp://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penalty	Life-long prison should be replaced by Death Penalty
[deleted]	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Surely it needs the same as my method?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
[deleted]	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
My post was inspired by this video:https://youtu.be/XcvkjfG4A_MYou can see that there's someone there to save him, and it was rapidly depressurised, but you can just as easily place someone in the tank and leave them there alone without a mask. The room itself slowly depressurises, and they lose consciousness.I've yet to hear any benefits to using N2O over the low pressure tank	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Cheaper.  Like 50 dollars of equipment cheap.  Physician can verify death before turning off the gas.  Pleasant euphoria.  	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
I HIGHLY doubt it'd only cost $50.Also in the grand scheme of things executions in the US cost multiple millions of dollars, what is a few extra thousand?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
I mean the apparatus.  A standard o2 mask,  Regulator,  and a rented no2 bottle.  The execution itself,  well,  that's probably a cashfest for God's only know who. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Right but these sorts of tanks I'm talking about already exist. I don't really know how much they cost to use/rent/build/etc but I don't think cost should be a deciding factor in how we end people's lives	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
A human sized vacuum tank is probably in the 100k range. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
So you have one per state that is practicing executions. Or maybe one in every few states. Each execution costs around $3 millionLet's say we use this tank for 40 years, starting now. There's currently around 40 per year, over 30 ish states. So let's say there's one per year per state. If every state had one, then that cost could be cut down over 40 executions, right? So it'd be only 20k per execution. When they cost over $3million to go to court and prisons, what is the extra $20k?Could cut that down even more if you just placed them in areas where more executions take place, i.e. Texas, Oklahoma, Virginia, Florida, etc	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Are there any negative side effects for that guy?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
No ?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Isn't suffocation, even slow suffocation, intensely painful before the euphoria?There's also a cost factor; would this be fiscally feasible?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
This isn't suffocation. Watch videos of people in low pressure tanks, they're clearly under no painAlso death penalties are already immensely expensive. I'd like to see data to show why this is fiscally not feasible 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
You can replace the air with pure nitrogen.  The person breathing doesn't notice the difference, but gradually loses their senses without really going through any distress.  I recently saw a video of an experiment that pilots did related to this.  It didn't look unpleasant at all, but if they left it to continue it would certainly have been deadly. After seeing that I was left thinking that if I wanted to end my life (and I don't) that'd be the way to do it.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Sure but why is that different to just lowering the pressure? Seems like more could go wrong	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
It seems to me that lowering the pressure could have unpleasant side effects related to the mechanical aspects. Getting the bends, for example.  People feel changes in pressure for differences encountered in an airplane, which of course is nowhere near what is needed to suffocate.  I don't see what could go wrong with just pumping pure N2 into a chamber.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
If there was such a risk why do we train people and let people do this optionally?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Encountering a depressurized environment is a potential hazard for some occupations, and people doing that work need  to train for it so they know how to react in case it happens. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
so deadpool was fulla shit then?!?.... sonsabitches...	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
If your brain lacks oxygen you just get a little confused and a bit shaky, but you don't feel any pain and a lot of people say it actually feels great, like very surreal or euphoric. Sounds perfect for executions. They wouldn't resist at all, just slowly let it happen until they pass out	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
You get a need for air if the CO2 level in your blood it too high, *not* if the oxygen is too low. I can't remember what they did in the movie though..	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
There's a distinction. When the body is prevented from breathing (ala dead pool), the feeling is akin to drowning or holding your breath for too long. This is very painful and stressful, and the basis for water boarding. In the movie Deadpool, they essentially left him in a constant state of suffocation for a long period of time. The oxygen wasn't replaced with nitrogen, the chamber turned into a vacuum. The scenario above replaces the oxygen with nitrogen. The body can still breath of its own volition, there is no pain or panic about "not breathing", but the body is still deprived of oxygen and death occurs. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
It's not the lack of oxygen, it's the buildup of carbon dioxide that causes a bodily reaction. That doesn't happen if you inhale and exhale normally in an environment with little oxygen.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Correct hanging isn't choking, it's a neck snap. That's why there is a drop, otherwise they'd just tie a noose and hoist, which is how they used to torture folks in things like lynchings. I would actually suggest some sort of smaller form of the guillotine. Design it to sever the connection quickly without decapitation, the guillotine was designed to be a humane execution machine. I think this might not be cost effective initially, but one could set up a singular location that all executions take place at for all states. Edit: or we could easily and cheaply set up an automated firing squad. Unfortunately while cost effective, likelihood of initial survival is decently high and painful. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
 Edit: or we could easily and cheaply set up an automated firing squad. Unfortunately while cost effective, likelihood of initial survival is decently high and painful.Not only that but someone ultimately has to pull the trigger	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
no, it would be automated. You'd hit a button or switch just like the lethal injection system	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
 no, it would be automatedSo how does it know when to fire? You'd hit a button or switch just like the lethal injection systemSo somebody has to tell it to fire? What's the difference between this and a gun?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Well every execution method requires someone to push a button. I think people just don't like how visceral it feels to actually be pointing and firing the gun.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Exactly, hence why it should feel to them less like murder	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
In the old West there was a system designed where the condemned would walk onto a plank and set off a firing squad of rifles pointed at him after a slight delay. Only used once though. There was a similar design for hanging. Forces someone to essentially commit suicide, which may be an issue in and of itself I guess. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Exactly my point, requires their consent so tons could go wrong	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Someone has to administer the gas for them to die of hypoxia 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
You didn't read my post did you? You use a low pressure tank and just slowly thin the air. No need to administer any gas. They don't go through any pain so the executioner would be less mentally traumatised, in theory	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
You can't suck the air out of a room without either replacing it with something or creating a vacuum. If it's the latter, I'm willing to bet the change in pressure before dying would be pretty unpleasant. If the former, what are you going to replace the air with that won't cause the body to go into distress from breathing it?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Probably some mix of N2 gas and CO2. both are already abundant in the atmosphere and aren't toxic (except in the sense that they displace vital oxygen which in this case is the point)	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Replace the oxygen with nitrogen.  It already makes up 78% of air.  The body notices high carbon dioxide levels. That's what makes you hyperventilate and gives the "burning lungs" feeling when you exercise. You can't get the CO2 out fast enough.  	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Your right. I was too busy thinking as a chemist about what is technically toxic that I forgot some basic biology.sidenote: technically toxic would be a good name for a band	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Nitrogen makes sense. It's inert, and already abundant in the atmosphere. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
What about NO2? Laughing gas people to death. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
You don't take all the air out of the room. Simulating the air at 25,000' is enough.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUfF2MTnqAw	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Pure nitrogen.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Car exhaust? Doesn't that just make people go to sleep (and then die)?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Carbon monoxide can be pretty unpleasant too. My understanding is that they might fall asleep, or might die hacking and choking, but I could be wrong.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Oh wow I had no idea!	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Err, yes you can. It makes the pressure drop and therefore less oxygen. Astronauts and pilots do this stuff all the time	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
The pressure drop is what I'm referring to by "vacuum." Not necessarily a complete vacuum like space. Astronauts and pilots do it all the time, but not to the point where they die. And depending on what's going on with your inner ears, pressure changes can be really unpleasant for some. Did some googling and it looks like lowering the O2 content by replacing it with nitrogen is the winner. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
A pressure drop isn't a vacuum, far from itAstronauts obv don't do it to a point where they die, because they have people to save them if they go too far. Astronauts are tested in scenarios that could kill them if they aren't assisted or sort themselves out. Obviously in my OP this wouldn't be the case	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
yes but they are extensively trained and conditioned to deal with changes in pressure and the changes happen relatively gradually. If you plan to evacuate the chamber quickly, a better analogy would be to a diver getting the bends by ascending to quickly. If you want to draw it out slowly, aren't you concerned about the potential psychological impact of sitting in a room for hours knowing that your death is coming?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
It doesn't have to happen over hours, merely minutes. At 25,000 feet altitude you lose consciousness in a few minutes, and a big chunk of that time you're not fully conscious but in a sort of euphoric limbo. It isn't painful, as people have been in this situation multiple times and described it when conscious as just surreal and painless, you're at ease and don't really careIt doesn't have to be one extreme or the other	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Part of the reason they do those test is to see if you are tolerant to those kinds of pressure changes anyone with sinus issues could feel like their head is exploding, air bubbles could expand in their blood causing the bends or if they hold their breath could stretch their lungs. All horrible experiences that could be caused by the pressure change its silly when you can accomplish the exact same thing by displacing oxygen with another gas 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Wouldn't a better method be giving the convict a mask attached to a tank of nitrogen and have him inhale that? It requires less money (there is no need to put air removing ducts and other required equipment the room), and it's also painless.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Seems like thay requires consent of the convict. Most people don't consent to dying	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
By that logic what makes your method more consensual to the convict than mine?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
It doesn't require consent. I'm not saying it has to require consent, I'm saying putting a mask on them that is giving them poison has too many issues like them ripping it off. You'd have to restrain them or it would never work. You could just shake your head or twist your jaw and try throw it off. You can't just shake off an entire room	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
You could always just restrain to a table like they do with lethal injections....	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Seems like unnecessary mental trauma	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
But they're gonna be dead in a few minutes anyways though....	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
They still have human rights	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
You would have to strap down the convict. That would cause trama to not jsut the convict, but the attending officers as well. In a tank, after the door is shut, the convict could get up, walk around, get on knees, do push ups, whatever. They still have a moment of freedom before death. Even if they committed a horrible crime, I think they should be given that moment. Remember, the average citizen is meant to take the high road.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Don't most people about to get executed get a lavish last meal as that "last moment of freedom"?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Well...most States in the US have actually cut that program because it costs too much. Many inmates were asking for expensive foods. So now most inmates just get the regular prison food before death. So no, that "last moment of freedom" was taken away.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Aw what a shame.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Eh I guess that guy ordering a bunch of gourmet steaks and then saying he's not hungry pissed the police department off a lot....	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
It actually got removed because one guy requested his dinner be donated to a homeless man	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
I dispute the importance execution being without trauma or messinessSay what you will about the medieval days when petty theft resulted in limbs being chopped off and any number of crimes carrying the death penalty But at least they were honest about what it was. If you wanted someone executed then someone had to personally decapitate them. It was bloody and barbaric *but that's what capital punishment is*. If we as a society have decided that people should be executed then no one should be able to hide behind euphemisms like "humane". Quick and painless should be the primary goals and in that regard a reasonably large caliber bullet to the base of the skull accomplishes both just fine.But it also would hopefully have the side effect of making people a little less willing to dole it out as a sentence	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
This doesn't really address what I said	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Yes it does. It offers a counteropinion to your central point #4.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
And #3	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Why shouldn't the manner of execution be up to the condemned (within a range of reasonable options). Maybe a pamphlet or a counselor to give the damned the pros and cons of each method. Personally if I were to be executed I would want either the firing squad or the guillotine.  Both are cheap, relatively painless, and almost certainly fatal. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
I've addressed why these are bad methods, they aren't always painless and you can survive them. Furthermore firing squads make the shooters get serious mental issues because they are shooting unarmed people, convicts or not	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Well even way back when they had contraptions that served the purpose of a firing squad. Maybe something like this hooked up to a computer. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oWEqyrKLz6MBut that wasn't my main argument, I just meant the condemned should be given the choice. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Aren't "suicide bags" with nitrogen the preferred method by euthanasia organizations? I can't remember the name but I think there's a documentary somewhere where a guy sets out to find the most humane way to kill another person and he decided on Nitrogen Aphasia. If you're interested I can try to find the link	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
I've seen similar documentaries where they find it to be altitude hypoxia, but I'd be willing to watch yours if you can find it :)	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
https://vimeo.com/83750163 How to Kill a Human Being	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
 Painlessness to the convict. It is, after all, justice, not revenge. We are not executing people to torture them, but because they did something we agreed they should pay for with their life. We don't want to turn our justice systems into revenge killings. We've moved past that.No, we have not. This is the fundamental problem with your view: you misunderstand the social purpose of the death penalty.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
The point of it is, like all sentences, to reduce crime by creating incentives not to commit the crime.Whether this works or not is another issue but that is the intention	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
That's not necessarily true. The death penalty is to eliminate that particular offender who can't be stopped otherwise from existence. And jail is to keep dangerous people from society, not to scare people into not committing crimes. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Ugh no, the death penalty is meant to deter people from committing certain crimes. If all you wanted to do was stop them committing any more crimes you'd just put them in jail for life without parole. Most people I would argue if they were dead set on murder they'd be more likely to think about it longer if they knew they could be killed. Although I don't agree with the death penalty as it hasn't been shown to actually reduce crime, the point of it is a deterrenceMostly the point of prison is rehabilitation and deterrence, but execution has no chance for rehab.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
  Ugh no, the death penalty is meant to deter people from committing certain crimes.You realize just because you say something doesn't make it so. Some could argue it's not for society as a whole or deterrence it's literally for a punishment of a crime as it possibly was in history. A secondary benefit is deterrence, but it's not it's sole purpose. If we just want to deter crime we'd still put their heads on spikes or torture people who committed crime.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Yes but why do we punish crime? To stop people comitting further crime. So why do we execute people? To give a warning to future would-be criminalsI'm not here to debate whether the idea of capital punishment is ethical	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Again, if you have a rapist and you kill him it's stop that particular person for raping another person, not really to stop someone else from raping. That may have the secondary psychological effect, but killing a rapist is to quite literally making sure that particular person never rapes again.You're acting like punishment in the justice system has nothing to do with the actual person who committed the crime and it's all about sending messages.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
 And jail is to keep dangerous people from society, not to scare people into not committing crimes.When I was in front of a judge he literally said"If I give this man a light sentence, what's to say I'm not sending an effective message of deterrence"It might be a good idea to only speak about issues you have knowledge in.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
That's like saying a cop shot an innocent black man therefore it's the job of all cops to kill black men. One judge doesn't make it so. And the thing about the law and justice system is it's in the eye of the interpreter. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Has it occured to anyone that the fact that the US jail systems are so horrible that these people who keep re-offending aren't getting any ACTUAL rehabilitation? There are ways to do this. Just look at the prison systems in Sweden. They educate their inmates, teach them social skills, give them access to decent living quarters. You know...they don't treat them like pitbulls in a pound.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
It has occurred to the swedish.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
If you believe that the purpose of the death penalty is as a deterrent, then it logically follows that the execution should be made as horrific as possible and televised live across the country so as to better deter others. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
No because they have human rights. I'm not here to debate whether it works but it is obviously meant to be a deterrent. If it was just meant to stop people committing further crime we'd just lock them up for life. It'd be cheaper too	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Locking people up for life would not be cheaper than summary execution in an inhumane and painful manner. Beating a guy to death on the steps to the courthouse with baseball bat is essentially free. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
And that's true justice right there... /sAs it stands in the US life in prison is cheaper than execution	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
And that's a flaw with that specific system of execution, not an issue with execution as a whole 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
I really don't think this is true either historically or contemporaneously. The history of executions - particularly public executions - has been *very little* concerned with the comfort of the victim.edit: Downvotes don't change views, my friend.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Complete rubbish. The reason why lethal injection is used over other quicker, easier and cheaper methods is because of the painlessness to the convict. Since it is the first choice for all practicing states shows the clear intent to cut down painlessness and make the execution more "ethical"Purposefully choosing a more painful method is hugely controversial, and while often convicts have the choice themselves it is rare for it to be forced upon them. We HAVE moved past that, as can be seen by the fact states have over time moved towards lethal injection over electrocution, gas poisoning and other methods.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
  The reason why lethal injection is used over other quicker, easier and cheaper methods is because of the painlessness to the convictNope, the lethal injection was introduced because it was less traumatic for the viewers. They are widely understood to be more painful than hanging, shooting or beheading.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
But as you state in your OP (and as I'm sure all of us know) lethal injection *isn't* painless. In fact, the three-drug cocktail that most American states use doesn't even have a painkiller! People who are executed by lethal injection often undergo intense, excruciating agony.It has the *appearance* of painlessness, I guess, but that's because the victim is paralyzed and unable to thrash about in pain.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Hence why we need to create a more painless method, such as my suggested methodIt has widely been accepted to be less painful as electrocution, hanging and gas poisoning, hence why they fell out of fashion for it.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
I think that the reason electrocution and gas poisoning fell out of favor is that they *appeared* to be more painful, and the screams and thrashing were distressing to the people watching it right there. But fundamentally, as a society, we're fine with executed prisoners spending their last moments in excruciating agony, as long as we don't have to *literally see it* with our own two eyes.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
That doesn't solve the problem of them actually being barbaric though	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
If that was true, why wouldn't we just put them in a gas chamber and *not* watch them die? We wouldn't have to see it. I think implementing an entire new method (lethal injections) shows that it wasn't just so we didn't have to watch them suffer, it was to make is so they didn't have to suffer. But they still do, with lethal injections.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
First, I don't think there would be zero unforeseen problems at all. that's usually not how the world works. Second, there is still dread when they close the door. That's terrorizing in and of itself. There really isn't a good or civilized way to kill a man. It's an act of destruction of life, it shouldn't really be treated as anything but that. I think a guillotine would do the trick. But maybe in machine form so you can't see anything and it's all computer activated. It's 'barbaric' but yeah, that's what state sponsored murder is.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Lethal injection by Nembutal would probably be equally as peaceful, and easier/cheaper to implement. It would also take a lot shorter than decompressing a room.Helium/laughing gas, as other posters mentioned are better options by your standards too.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Except for the pain of IV insertion (which is usually a comedy of errors at present since doctors and most nurses won't participate in executions, and fear makes veins hard to find).  The other issue I have with lethal injection is that it pretends execution is a medical procedure which it emphatically is not.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
True. Laughing gas it is then. Although I don't think anyone is pretending lethal injection is a medical procedure. It involves a syringe but that's it.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
https://www.jstor.org/stable/4065314?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contentsI think that medicalization of death is probably the number one reason we have such a silly method despite its inconvenience and extra pain compared to bullets or nitrogen gas.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
What benefits does laughing gas have over low pressure tanks?	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
I suppose it would be cheaper to install? Nitrous oxide gas can be delivered via masks, while low pressure tanks would require you to empty an entire room.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Right but then they just have to fight and remove the mask so you're strapping them down and putting them through that fear. With the tank room you can just keep chatting to them as if nothing is happening and slowly they are getting less and less oxygen	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
True.. But one difficulty I see with this method is that while they're losing oxygen, it wouldn't be quite painless. When people struggle with hypoxia, they're usually struggling with too much carbon dioxide instead of a lack of oxygen. In fact your body can't even notice a lack of oxygen. While the oxygen+co2 is being depleted and replaced with an inert gas or whatever, they would still struggle for awhile cause of the co2 buildup.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Watch videos of people in this scenario, it is completely painless	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
I have to disagree. If we are to have an execution, the method must be specific to the legal system. Thus, in the case of the USA, twelve stabs with a knife followed by decapitation.One stab for, and by, each juror, followed by the completion of the sentence by the judge. If people wish to have a person killed, they may do the deed themselves. If they do not wish to do this themselves, then they can think about whether or not the person truly deserves death. Having executions be clean and without mental trauma for the executioner just makes people pretend its not the violent ending of someone's life without their consent.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
I'm not here to debate whether it is ethical	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
You're trying to find an ethical method for suicide, and say that hypoxia is the best way to go about it. I'm just saying that you should look beyond just the person put to death to find the most ethical way to kill someone.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
That's what I'm doing. I don't think it is ethical to kill people but then I know some places do it so if they must I think this is the most ethical way	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
My ways are the old ways.  The person who passes the sentence should swing the sword.  I would go for beheading by a juror.  We need to do less sanitizing of state killings, not more.  It should be brutal and honest.  It SHOULD be traumatic to everybody involved.  And, if you are willing to pass a death sentence, you should do so with the knowledge that you may personally have to carry it out.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
"painlessness to the convict" and the families and friends of the murdered victims would like to know if the victims of these murderers experienced any "painlessness" WHEN THEY WERE MURDERED	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
This isn't justice, this is frontier justice. It's barbaric. Families of the lost shouldn't decide the punishment or how it is carried out	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
for the pain some people inflict on others to justify getting the death penalty why would we want to give them "one more high" on their way to hell .... burn them alive let something horrific happen to someone you love and see how gentle you want to lay them down 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
This isn't how justice should work. It's barbaric, primitive. We need to move past this whole ideology ASAPConvicts still have human rights, we can't just torture them	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
  Mental trauma to the executioner. ... Any way to cut down on this trauma is beneficial.Why? Shouldn't killing people be traumatic? Sorry, I find this concern to be base and cowardly. If you won't get your hands dirty, don't get involved.   Cleanliness. Absolute obliteration causes essentially instant death with no pain or chance of survival. But it is gruesome, disgusting, and uncivil. We need to make the deaths as clean as possible, be it in blood, vomit, organs, whatever. IIt's this just denialism? It's like the packaged meat in the supermarket. Not seeing the slaughter let's you pretend it's not happening.  Firing squads have never been massively popular, Given the choice, this is what most convicted murderers choose because there is a certain dignity to the firing squad. The also choose it because it's more traumatic, they want their killer to look them in the eye. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
 Why? Shouldn't killing people be traumatic?I don't think it's the executioner's place to decide what is right and wrong, it's just their job It's like the packaged meat in the supermarket. Not seeing the slaughter let's you pretend it's not happening.I'm a vegetarian The also choose it because it's more traumatic, they want their killer to look them in the eye.Another reason it shouldn't be allowed	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
OP mentioned that he is anti-death penalty in general, but since the view is not going to change in the US Justice system any time soon, he is suggesting an alternative system that would have the smallest psychological footprint possible. There will ALWAYS be someone responsible for the execution, but OP is referring to a single action like the push of a syringe or trigger or button. Shutting a door is a mundane thing in comparison.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
I think execution by artillery is pretty good. We take the condemned out to a desert artillery range, than a round is fired out of his sight, and he is pulverized.Easy, effective, impersonal, reliable, no cleanup costs.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Or execution by explosion. 	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
Artillery is better.Tne condemned does not see explosives, the gunners can't see the condemned.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
You have to know exactly where the person is to use artillery, and may require multiple shots	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
No,  you train the artillery on the precise spot, mark it with a gps, and then you bring the condemned over and tie his hands behind a pole.The jeep drives aways, radios over to arti. Boom. It's all over.	Death Penalty should be done by hypoxia
  The only course of action for these criminals is capital punishment.Why is it the only course of action? Whats the drawback to just sticking them in jail for the rest of their life?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I honestly believe a life in prison would be worse than the death sentence. With the death sentence, that's it, you're gone. Life in prison? It's.... Well, life in prison. Cut off from the outside world, from family and everyone else, surrounded by other murderers etc. It would be hell.To add to this, there's the normal "but what if they're innocent?" The 'collateral damage' of the consequences would be far too great. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Ok, but everyone else might not share that opinion. I think the best solution is make our prisons healthy places to live with the intention of actually rehabilitating people.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Are you saying you'd rather die than go to prison and be released later?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I imagine life in prison would be pretty sucky. I don't know if I'd prefer to die or not honestly, but when I say life in prison I mean until your dying breath, no chance of being released later.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I'm not sure what you mean by "collateral damage," then. If someone were unjustly accused, isn't exoneration always a possibility?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I was referring to OP's comment about collateral damage. I mean, if an innocent were put to death, that's the collateral damage, whereas if you're found innocent while in prison then you're released.I think we're both on different pages here. Did you think I meant an innocent possibly being killed would be better than prison?I'm confusing myself now...	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
They can be released. How can you say that "But life in prison would suck more than death" Tell that to the people who DO get released. They are MUCH happier that they didn't die. Sorry, but unless it's YOU who is going to death row or life in prison, I don't think you should be able to choose death.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
It's just my personal thing. I don't know if I'd rather die or spend my life in prison honestly, I just mean that, for me at least, the isolation would really fuck me up.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
But you can say what others would prefer.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
It is often important to the victims and/or the victim's family that the victim is killed. If they fit all my criteria, it's unlikely they're contributing much to society, and unlikely that they're capable of being rehabilitated as well.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
  It is often important to the victims and/or the victim's family that the victim is killed. Important in what way? They feel they've been wronged so they want to get revenge?  If they fit all my criteria, it's unlikely they're contributing much to society, and unlikely that they're capable of being rehabilitated as well.This is also an argument for life in prison. I'm questioning why we should take the extra and irreversible extra step of killing them. Is it worth killing and number of innocents to exact some level of revenge? Can you really justify that by saying it makes the family of the victims feel better?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Well... yeah, they want revenge. Why not give it to them? What is one murdered life compared to the satisfaction of a family? What's the point in keeping them alive?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
There are a lot of reasons to not give them that satisfaction. The biggest reason being that you're going to kill innocent people from time to time. That alone makes the whole idea a nonstarter in my mind. It's absolutely never okay to put people do death if they're innocent, especially if your only justification is to make other people feel better. You're prioritizing peoples feelings over a human's life.If I really, really hate frank, should I be allowed to kill him? Of course not, my satisfaction with franks death doesn't justify killing him no matter how much I hate him. I don't see why it should make a difference if I hate him for killing my family or if I hate him for the color of his skin.The question comes down to "what is the purpose of punishment?" I argue that we should only punish people when it serves to prevent future harm. Killing a criminal doesn't prevent future harm any more than throwing them in jail does. There are three main ways punishment serves to prevent harm: it deters bad behavior, it isolates dangerous people, and it *can* rehabilitate wrongdoers so they do not commit crimes again (though our current system doesn't do much to rehabilitate). Killing people doesn't serve any of these ends. It just creates more suffering with the reason that we think they deserve it and that somehow makes it okay.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Killing does serve the purpose of preventing future offenses. It is currently more expensive due to the cost of legal appeals. If execution took place immediately after conviction then the death penalty would cost much less than prison.We spend so much on execution to attempt to save innocent lives. But innocent lives are lost every day from many causes including vehicle collisions, fires, and other accidents. If we spent the money on avoiding the loss of innocent lives in the most cost effective maner, legal appeals for death penalty convicts would not be the most cost effective method.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
 If we spent the money on avoiding the loss of innocent lives in the most cost effective maner, legal appeals for death penalty convicts would not be the most cost effective method.You know we could just imprison them right?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I don't see how your three requirements eliminate the possibility of killing an innocent person.   However, even the slim possibility of accidentally killing an innocent is something which I cannot abide.The only way to ensure we *never* kill an innocent is to never kill anyone.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I'm not sure if this kind of responses is against the rules, because I want to change your view on something you did not list in your original post.For the most part I agree with everything you said, I think you just missed addressing something in your list.You say   I feel that these requirements would all but eliminate the possibility of accidentally killing an innocentBut none of your changes really does enough to eliminate this possibility.  I believe that in capital cases only, the standard of guilt needs to be raised.  Reasonable doubt is not good enough when deciding the fate of a person's life.  I believe the state should have to prove irrefutable guilt instead of guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.  For example, when there is a mass shooting, there is enough evidence to prove absolutely who did it.  This type of case provides the kind of evidence that I'm talking about. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I agree, but the standard of guilt for the death sentence is already extremely high, because if there is any (and I mean ANY) doubt after the initial trial, there will more than likely be several appeals, and cases involving capital punishment are very often heard by the SCOTUS.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
What's the point? Why not just put them in prison for life? Do you crave their blood? 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
 Do you crave their blood? There are two arguments for capital punishment that don't rely on a retributive line of reasoning: 1. The threat of death is a very useful deterrent of would-be criminals who would commit severe crimes (e.g., murder, rape, etc.)2. Death is the ultimate incapacitation. A criminal is no longer a danger to society if they are dead.This is not to say that there aren't criticisms of these arguments as well, but proponents of capital punishment don't all rely on the "murderers deserve to be put to death" cliche.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
1) There is no statistical evidence that the death penalty is any more effective a deterrent than a life-sentence.2) A criminal is no longer a danger to society if they are in prison for life either. Yes, there's the chance they might break out - but the odds of that are so slim that it's probably more like that they are a wrongly convicted innocent. This is not to say that there aren't criticisms of these arguments as well, but proponents of capital punishment don't all rely on the "murderers deserve to be put to death" cliche.The OP of this thread does. Read his response to the post of mine that you replied to.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
 The OP of this thread does. Read his response to the post of mine that you replied to.I did, and specifically this part— There are some crimes so vile, so reprehensible, that those who choose to commit these are often, in my opinion, beyond rehabilitation.—fits both a retributive and a utilitarian reasoning. The idea of killing a criminal because the crime is "vile and reprehensible" sounds like the former, and the idea of killing a criminal because they are beyond rehabilitation is more utilitarian.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
  and the idea of killing a criminal because they are beyond rehabilitation is more utilitarian.I don't necessarily see that as utilitarian. It doesn't explain why they need to be killed as opposed to locked up for life.And anyway, even if they the OP did argue that somehow killing them is more practical or cheaper than locking them up for life - in what possible way is that remotely moral?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
 I don't necessarily see that as utilitarian. It doesn't explain why they need to be killed as opposed to locked up for life.If a criminal is beyond rehabilitation, then this would mean they would continually be a threat until they die. Capital punishment ushers what life imprisonment eventually ends with. The idea is that since we know, say, Joe is completely homicidal and cannot be rehabilitated in any way, then it would be more reasonable to simply execute him. A life in prison—however small it might be—still gives him the possibility of escape. We could also include the dangers of confining the criminal as well; a dead Joe only needs a grave while an alive Joe needs security watching him—who can also be harmed themselves.The crux of the issue though is whether if we (or more specifically the courts) can be reasonably certain that someone like Joe is both **a)** guilty and **b)** beyond rehabilitation. If we can, then we would have a pretty strong case for capital punishment. Presumably though, our current criminal justice system is fallible to the point where **(a)** and **(b)** aren't possible in any circumstance. In which case, it is not capital punishment itself that is necessarily wrong but the way it is implemented. Improving implementation would solve this issue—which is what the OP is seemingly arguing for. And anyway, even if they did argue that somehow killing them is more practical or cheaper than locking them up for life - in what possible way is that remotely moral?Killing another being need not always be wrong. Self-defense, for example, is still homicide—but it is *justifiable*. Likewise, proponents of the death penalty can argue that it is justifiable, like self-defense.EDIT: Words.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
  Capital punishment ushers what life imprisonment eventually ends with.So does murder. It doesn't make it any more moral. A life in prison—however small it might be—still gives him the possibility of escapeIt also gives him the possibility of being proven innocent, which is actually a more likely option than him escaping from prison. We could also include the dangers of confining the criminal as well; a dead Joe only needs a grave while an alive Joe needs security watching him—who can also be harmed themselves.Like I say: being convenient doesn't make it any more moral. The crux of the issue though is whether if we (or more specifically the courts) can be reasonably certain that someone like Joe is both a) guilty and b) beyond rehabilitation. If we can, then we would have a pretty strong case for capital punishment.Yes, assuming that we've already decided that it's completely fine and moral to take a human life just because we think he deserves it. And I don't happen to agree with that. Killing another being need not always be wrong. Self-defense, for example, is still homicide—but it is justifiable. Likewise, proponents of the death penalty can argue that it is justifiable, like self-defense.Except they can't, because the only reason they are doing it is to make themselves feel good - to give them the satisfaction of revenge (which they call 'justice') and sate their bloodlust for someone who has wronged them. Killing in self-defence is justifiable because it is quite literally your last resort. Killing someone because you don't like them is nothing more than killing someone because it makes you feel better. It's barbaric, and should have no place in civilised modern society. It deserves to be firmly part of our troubled and violent history as a species. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
 So does murder. It doesn't make it any more moral.Right, because murder—by its very concept—is unjustified killing. Whether capital punishment is justified or unjustified is what's being argued. It also gives him the possibility of being proven innocent, which is actually a more likely option than him escaping from prison.Assuming we can be reasonably certain that someone is guilty though, then this doesn't seem to be an issue. Like I say: being convenient doesn't make it any more moral.The argument is not operating on convenience though. The reasons being brought up are legitimate and need to be addressed. Simply dismissing them as only being somebody's convenience does not suffice without proper argument. Yes, assuming that we've already decided that it's completely fine and moral to take a human life just because we think he deserves it. And I don't happen to agree with that.Nothing is being said that the criminal "deserves it". There's no retributive reasoning here. It's an utilitarian argument. You're misrepresenting the argument if you believe it is arguing that it is ok to take a human life if the human deserves it. Except they can't, because the only reason they are doing it is to make themselves feel good - to give them the satisfaction of revenge (which they call 'justice') and sate their bloodlust for someone who has wronged them.It's not clear whether proponents of the death penalty really—"deep down inside"—all want to "sate their blood lust" and only argue for retributive reasons. That seems to be a very presumptuous generalization.And even if we granted that this is correct, so what? You still have to address their arguments; addressing their intentions does not address the actual issue and reasons given. A proponent of the death penalty can still be within reason to support it in a utilitarian manner and still harbor retributive feelings towards the criminals. This is no different than being within right to defend yourself against an attacker and still have animosity to those who attack you. Killing someone because you don't like them is nothing more than killing someone because it makes you feel better.No where in this argument (and even in the retributive one) does it premise that it is ok to kill someone because "you don't like them and it makes you feel better".	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
What reply? I was at school and just started responding like ten minutes ago.I would consider the death penalty a mercy compared to life in prison, and it's also satisfying to the victims.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
  I would consider the death penalty a mercy compared to life in prison, and it's also satisfying to the victims.A mercy? So you think that the majority of criminals would choose death over life in prison?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
No, but I would. And giving the choice to the criminal is a bit counter to the whole point, no?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Well yes. But I wouldn't be against giving them the choice. What I'm against is killing them whether they want to be killed or not. I find that incredibly immoral, and I don't really see why that makes you any better than them.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I'm better than them because I didn't murder/rape someone. That should be fairly obvious. If someone rapes my daughter, and I can prove it beyond a shadow of a doubt, you're damn right I'll be out for blood. How does that make me a lesser person?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
If you want to use the threat as a deterrent, you should use torture instead of death. The longer and more painful the torture, the more effective. Maybe a publicly viewed torture session over a long period of time would be most effective. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Because the people who the criminal murdered didn't get to live a life, and neither should the criminal. That is justice. If somebody were to murder your loved one for no reason, you would want justice. And that is one of the purposes of the government, to punish criminals fairly, in order to respect the victim(s) and their families.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
So because people do bad stuff to us, that gives us the right to do bad stuff back to them? You consider that to be moral?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Following on this line of logic, /u/Steelerskickass should support stealing from thieves and raping sex offenders and dumping trash on the yards of those who litter.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Yes, if they don't care about us why would we care about them?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Because we are (presumably) better people than they are.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
  Because the people who the criminal murdered didn't get to live a life, and neither should the criminal. That is justice.Let's say a criminal kills an entire family. Would justice be to kill that criminal as well as his entire family? What if a criminal committed identity theft? Would justice be to make that identity of that criminal (birthday, address, phone number, social security number, etc) public? What if a criminal is arrested for involuntary manslaughter. Should this criminal then be killed accidentally? The idea that an eye for an eye equates to justice is false.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
That is not justice. That is revenge.  The purpose of the justice system is to remove and rehabilitate people who are dangerous to society, not satisfy someone's bloodlust.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Our justice system (US) is set up so that you are either declared guilty beyond the shadow of a reasonable doubt or innocent. If you are found guilty of any crime you should be punished appropriately. It doesn't make sense to have lesser penalties because we aren't sure. Either we are sure enough or we shouldn't be punishing them at all. I understand that innocent people are sometime found guilty and when the death penalty is involved it seems more terrible but that is a fault of the jury trial that will always exist. Every punishment should merit the same level of proof of guilt otherwise the justice system is not fair and impartial. Mistakes do happen but there is no perfect system.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
The burden of proof in criminal cases is beyond a reasonable doubt, not "the shadow of reasonable doubt", whatever that is.  And actually in america we do allow lesser punishments for not being that certain.  They just have to be done in a civil case.  Think OJ Simpson here; only need preponderance of evidence in those.Also, I don't see OP advocating for different rules regarding different burdens of proof.  Just that the death penalty should only be used for repeat offenders.  Which isn't new, we already have different penalties for the number of times someone has committed that offense.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
The reason it's important in this case, where it is not that important in other cases, is that there is no way to correct a mistake if it is later found.That makes the death penalty *qualitatively* different from all other punishments that we mete out. Even that said, I think you'll find that we don't view things that way in society. The burden of proof that we accept for traffic citations is abysmally low.Also, "beyond a reasonable doubt" is not the same thing as "beyond a shadow of a doubt", and your mixing them just obfuscates the question. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
What does any of this have to do with whether the person is "innocent" of the crime?It would seem to me that if you want to avoid killing innocents, you would be focused on what kind of *evidence* we would need in order to be sufficiently certain that we're not making a mistake. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
None of your requirement separate the innocent from the guilty. We can all agree that [Adam Lanza](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandy_Hook_Elementary_School_shooting) is guilty of murder but would fail to meet your requirements.Who deserves capital punishment and what is the purpose? If deterrence is the purpose then capital punishment should be much more widely applied. One option is for all crimes with a victim, each convict had a [10% chance of execution](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decimation_(Roman_army\)).	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
My requirements were meant to differentiate between "possible to rehabilitate" and "not possible to rehabilitate."	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
The death penalty is already more expensive than sentencing someone to life in prison, simply due to the more stringent standards for prosecuting a death penalty case. Adding even more restrictions is likely to raise the cost even further. From an economic standpoint, the death penalty is entirely unjustifiable and your argument only makes the problems worse. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
My restrictions are objective and easily measurable, except for the sanity part, but that restriction already exists. My plan would reduce the number of death penalty cases.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Reducing the number of cases doesn't help when the inefficiency is per-case.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Personally, I think that the standard for what deserves the death penalty should actually be *lower*. I think that anyone who shows a pattern of "devoting" their life to being a general sack of shit should just be culled.However, I don't think that the death penalty should *ever* be used in practice because there will always be the possibility of executing the innocent, and I find that to be totally inexcusable, since life imprisonment accomplishes most of the same goals while being quite a bit more reversible.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Why are you limiting it to the sane? Ted Bundy was super fucked up, and he died inn the chair. I don't think any therapy could fix him, so why waste money on a serial killer who derives pleasure from death, and let's say he was caught literally red handed. Why should we give him food to eat while actual humans starve but he gets free food in prison?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
It fails to deter crime and is more expensive than life imprisonment.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
you only need to do a little research to realize that what makes the death penalty wrong isn't the idea of killing someone it is the idea that we are so bad at picking the right people. Eighteen people have been saved by project innocence alone, if they had been slower that is eighteen people who did no wrong who would be dead, and I would much rather let a guilty man go than fry a innocent.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
There are a few problems with this issue:1. Doctors refuse to take part in executions. I doubt that would change if their role were the harvesting of organs afterward, but maybe... It's problematic, but possibly not fatal to the idea.2. The Chinese experience on organ donation presents some serious ethical issues. [Reports](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2012/11/05/yes-china-still-harvests-organs-from-executed-prisoners/) seem to indicate that prisoners - including political prisoners - were executed in large part to allow for organ harvesting, the products of which would then be sold on the grey market for tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars.3. The effect would be very small. The U.S. executes an average of about [40 people per year](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/executions-year).4. Issues of consent are problematic. Death row inmates tend to be of low intelligence. The mean IQ seems to be somewhere in the [mid 80s to low 90s](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/documents/CunninghamDeathRowReview.pdf). Mental illness is much more common among death row inmates than the general populace. People with low IQs and people with mental illness are highly susceptible to coercion and unlikely to report it if they are coerced.It just doesn't seem worth the ethical challenges to allow such a small number of organs (up to 40 people per year, assuming every one of them can and does consent to it).	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
&amp;#8710I was not expecting my view to change on this. Thank you 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Just FYI you botched your delta so Aldrake didn't get a point. :)(it needs a semicolon at the end - you may need to make a new post, the deltabot might not recognize edits)	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
He could have always just been swearing politely. Like  HOLY $#!+ you really changed my &amp;$84#*~ view! 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
damn, thanks for the heads up	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
&amp;#8710; Those are actually really good reasons that I hadn't thought of.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆ I didn't have a strong opinion coming into this thread, but I certainly agreed with the title.Great convincing points, good to see you using sources to support them too.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
 Same. I had never heard of this subject until this post. The original post was very convincing, and this comment absolutely nailed it. I only recently started coming to this sub once in a while, but this is why I love it. It's so cool to know that opinions aren't always correct, and they can so easily be swayed by better arguments. Even though closed mindedness is human nature, this sub allows me to be as open minded as possible Edited to remove delta, will add to the actual comment 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Replying to /u/fluffy_cat with a delta in your comment will award *them* the point. Please reply to the comment that changed your view.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Thank you for clarifying, I suspected that might be an issue. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.    If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).    Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Well really, once you learn that it's only 40 people per year it's kinda over. It's not worth a policy change. The view changing only required statement of a key fact, not excellent rhetoric. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
 The effect would be very small. The U.S. executes an average of about 40 people per year.Interesting, I would have guessed much higher.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
[It's not uniform by state - at all](http://www.prisonpolicy.org/images/executions2002.jpg)	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
11 year old statistics are the BEST statistics.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
More recent data, if you wanna analyze it.http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/execution-list-2012	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
To be fair, about [250 people per year](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/death-sentences-year-1977-2009) have been *sentenced* to death (more like 100-150 per year in the last decade or so).There's a lot of reasons for this. Some of it is that since the death penalty was reinstated in the 1970s, several classes of people have been excluded from it, including [juveniles](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roper_v._Simmons), the [mentally ill](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_v._Wainwright), and the [mentally retarded](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atkins_v._Virginia).Also, public opinion has shifted away from it and several states have formally abolished it.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Initially, you might think so, but actually arriving at the execution takes years of legal deliberation, and is actually very expensive for the state. I've been told it's arguably more expensive than life imprisonment	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I don't think it's really that arguable. Lawyers are expensive, and you're paying at least two of them to put in a lot of work on the case. Both sides are usually being paid by the state, because death row inmates aren't known for their wealth. Not to mention all the other staff associated with court appearances.[California](http://www.deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=42) thinks it pays about $90,000 per year *more* for a death row inmate than one sentenced to life without the possibility of parole. That includes the initial trial (because you are Constitutionally required to have a second sentencing phase that is often just as long as the initial guilt phase), plus the appeals, plus the extra security on death row, etc.EDIT: Oops, forgot my link.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
To be fair, I agree with you. This isn't very debatable. I just didn't want to speak in absolutes while being to lazy to provide a link. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Yeah, it's pretty clear from what you said before that you weren't really questioning it. But I was curious, found some numbers, and figured I'd share.Sorry if my tone sounded more like debate than agreement.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
There's also the question of the general overall health of the organs of someone who's been living on death row.  Do you know of any data on that?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
You're right - healthcare in prison is generally pretty poor. I've been told by jail (which is different from prison) administrators that they only have to provide the sort of treatment that you might get in an Emergency Room - stabilization, not really much treatment and definitely not prevention.I don't have any good sources offhand and don't see anything obvious on a quick Google search. Sorry.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
This must be some kind of record: Most Effective Argument or something. Good job!	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Thanks, everyone! I get home and suddenly there's all these triangles in my inbox. Does this mean I was *right*? Get it? It was a geometry joke! Guys? Guys? Anyone still out there? OK, I'm sorry. No more jokes about triangles! I'm sorry, I just thought it would be acute thing to say...	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I don't mean to be rude, but your puns are pretty obtuse. :/	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Well, if you look at it from that _angle_...(Also, wuuuuuuuut, 26 deltas?)	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
The Doctors thing would be an issue, but doctors are obviously the ones who harvest the organs of organ donors who actually do die of natural causes or accidents. In those procedures, they are no longer attempting to save the person's life, but performing an act that they believe will help save lives of others. The doctors can not do anything to save these criminals. They can only perform a procedure that they believe will help others in the future, just like any other organ extraction.I believe China has issues of corruption that are hopefully less prevalent in the United States. I said that it would be the choice of the prisoner to decide whether or not they wanted to donate their organs.The effect may be small, but one person's organs may save 5 lives, and the organs would otherwise go to waste.Anyone who has a drivers license is allowed to mark whether or not they want to be an organ donor. If a 16 year old who can study for a few weeks and pass an easy exam is allowed to donate his/her organs, why not a stupid adult? Coercion could be an issue, but that would only be an issue if the ones doing the coercion stood to gain something from the donation of the organs. You would obviously set the system up where they did not.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I know the AMA specifically forbids physicians from taking part in executions. Here's their approach to organ donation:  Organ donation by condemned prisoners is permissible only if (1) the decision to donate was made before the prisoner’s conviction, (2) the donated tissue is harvested after the prisoner has been pronounced dead and the body removed from the death chamber, and (3) physicians do not provide advice on modifying the method of execution for any individual to facilitate donation.[Source](http://www.ama-assn.org/ama/pub/physician-resources/medical-ethics/code-medical-ethics/opinion206.page)I also agree that China's experiences probably wouldn't be reproduced in the United States. But it does serve as a cautionary tale, and not one to take lightly. It's basically the urban legend about waking up in a hotel room sans kidneys... except that it really happened.  Coercion could be an issue, but that would only be an issue if the ones doing the coercion stood to gain something from the donation of the organs. You would obviously set the system up where they did not.How would you do that? Prisons are one of those places that people don't like to look to closely at. *Someone* benefits from organ donations, even if there are no sales.Let's say there was a wealthy Texan oil tycoon - we'll call him George - in desperate need of a new kidney. Some health care professional searches the death row organ database and learns that Bobby Joe would be a suitable match for George. George isn't supposed to know who his potential match is, but he slides a little something extra to his friend the doctor, and it's not really a big deal to tell him, right?Now George has both the means and the incentive to hasten Bobby Joe's death. The legal process of death row is pretty complicated, but one of the main hold ups is the governor's office, which has to sign the death warrant. That particular stage is pretty political - if a defendant is mentally retarded or has certain types of mental illness, they probably won't be executed anyway and so the process just sort of sits here in limbo.But George needs that kidney, so he convinces his friend in the governor's office to push this forward. After all, Bobby Joe is on death row anyway - he's going to die anyway, and the governor was *eventually* going to do something about the warrant.Now, Bobby Joe's defense team challenges the execution on the grounds that Bobby Joe is too mentally retarded to be executed. The standard isn't that clear, but people agree a person needs to have an IQ in the 80s or so. Bobby Joe is right in that grey area and always has been, so the defense is going to have some experts and the state is going to have some of their own. But George is in a hurry and so he convinces his friend the psychologist to do a "favor" for the prosecution and examine Bobby Joe. Based in part on George's friend's testimony, the court finds that Bobby Joe is *just* smart enough to get what's going on, and they refuse to stop the execution.So, George has tilted the scales just a tiny bit against Bobby Joe. George has money and influence, and Bobby Joe's continued existence is no longer in George's interests. I would say that this tilting of the scales is totally 100% *not* okay, and we haven't even gotten into the question of whether or not  Bobby Joe has (or can) consent to the donation. But if you think George can't use his political influence to get the warden to lean on Bobby Joe a bit, I'd say you've never met an ambitious bureaucrat.To those who say that Bobby Joe was already on death row, I'd say that the process is already difficult enough for defendants and that it's asking for very serious trouble if we allow outside actors to have such a strong interest in the outcome of death penalty proceedings.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I did not know that the AMA explicitly forbid physicians from doing that. That would probably be the largest hurdle in putting this into practice, but it doesn't necessarily tell me why it's wrong. It just tells me it's forbidden.I don't know how I would explicitly detail the organ donation system, but I don't think that's necessary in a CMV. I'm not claiming I've come up with an incentive perfect way to do it, and using that as an argument for why it wouldn't work is silly.I think the negative incentives address more why it would be *wrong*. I understand that there are people that can push to abuse this practice under the table, but I don't think that tells why the practice itself is unacceptable. There may be incredibly influential individuals or groups that could have people quietly killed because they knew that they were organ donors, but that doesn't mean the practice of organ donation is wrong. The case that you brought up is more of a problem. I can however, think of a few factors that mitigate it. In reality a good defense attorney would hopefully realize what was going on and use the media to his advantage in defending his client. There is also no reason to assume that Bobby Joe and George's body types are adequately similar for transplant. You also have to assume that George is next on the transplant list and that he would be the one receiving Bobby Joe's organs. You could of course assume all of this away and then insist the problem is still there. If that were the case, then George would be at the top of the transplant list anyway, and just waiting for an organ is probably less complicated than bribing several officials and breaking federal law in order to take organs from a death row inmate.You mentioned that people don't really like to look into the business of prisons. That, I think is a problem in itself, and it should probably be addressed before anything like this came into practice.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
The AMA forbids it because they *really* aren't comfortable with doctors taking part in executions. They don't even want doctors suggesting ways to execute someone, because doctors shouldn't be a part of killing people.I don't know enough of the medicine to be sure (someone please correct me), but I think certain organs like kidneys don't really go to a list, but rather you normally have to find someone that's a close match. I came up with the kidney example because I do hear about rare stories where someone who needs a kidney begs their co-workers, relatives, and neighbors to please get tested to see if they're a match, and occasionally someone who barely knows the patient steps up and literally offers up a part of themselves to save a life.Even so, I don't think it's too far-fetched to think that someone with influence might learn that they were "on deck" for some death row inmate's organs that they otherwise might not be likely to find. I don't know where to begin looking at how common such a circumstance might be. But even if it's very rare, would that make it ok to introduce this type of potential influence to the most serious of legal processes?  I think the negative incentives address more why it would be wrong. I understand that there are people that can push to abuse this practice under the table, but I don't think that tells why the practice itself is unacceptable. There may be incredibly influential individuals or groups that could have people quietly killed because they knew that they were organ donors, but that doesn't mean the practice of organ donation is wrong.I'd say it's the great potential for abuse and the extreme lack of power on the part of the donor. Because there has been actual abuse (and deadly, serious abuse!) in other countries, we know that it's not even just potential or hypothetical abuse.If there's a serious potential for abuse, and the abuse would be very difficult to detect if it did occur, *and* the benefit is small to begin with, then it's probably not worth it. You could do that cost-benefit analysis and say "I'm ok with that risk if it will save some lives." I'd say it's not worth the ethical problems in order get *up to* 40 donors per year (and statistically, it would be about 0, if we assume inmates donate at the same rate as the population on the whole).	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I can understand why the AMA would be very against it. It dirties the integrity of the profession and confuses the purpose of physicians if they're no longer life savers, but life experts. If physicians had to be consulted in order to create a way to do this, I can definitely understand why it wouldn't be worth it, but if there were other medical experts that really didn't require AMA approval, I would hope it could still be considered.I think inmates are actually allowed to donate kidneys anyway because they don't require you to die in order to donate them, so kidneys may not be the best organ for discussion.I understand the risk of abuse being the largest issue, and serves to make legislating such a thing very difficult. Also with abuse in other countries, (correct me if I'm wrong, but) I've only heard of cases where the inmate was pretty much forced to donate their organs. I think the uncertainty of whether the prisoner even chooses to do so makes abuse less likely. It still probably has nowhere near the kind of support necessary for legislation, and isn't even a point I care that much about, but it doesn't hurt to discuss it.Someone else brought up that there are actually very specific circumstances in which an organ transplant are even possible. It just bothers me that there is this situation where you can control the method of execution to match organ donation, and the option isn't even on the table.And I don't think it would be 0 if it did pass. I could see 5-10 people a year willing to donate their organs, although I have no data to back that up.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  I think inmates are actually allowed to donate kidneys anyway because they don't require you to die in order to donate them, so kidneys may not be the best organ for discussion.Good point.Despite the arguments I've made against it, I wholeheartedly think that it would be much preferable if we could find a way to allow this *without* the potential for abuse. I know some inmates who are in prison for serious violent crimes can become remorseful and otherwise pretty agreeable people. Some people on death row genuinely wish to atone in some small way for what they've done, and ideally we would be able to let them.In a perfect world, there would be some good solution that didn't make the medical profession uncomfortable and didn't run such a serious risk of abuse.In the U.S. there seem to be only about 8,000 deceased organ donors per year ([Source - scroll down to U.S.](http://www.donatelifeny.org/about-donation/data/)), compared to some [2.5 million deaths](http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/deaths.htm), which comes out to a rate of about 3 per 1,000 deaths or one donor for about every 300 deaths. But I think there are a lot of factors that complicate that - the method and location of death, age and health of the deceased, for example.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Dang, I didn't realize there were so few organ donors. I figured it was more common seeing as it only takes a simple check on a license application to become one. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
[deleted]	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I'm actually not sure. If they do, their mindset is purely to help the prisoner to relieve pain in case something goes wrong, but definitely not to assist in the killing process.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
[This article](http://lethal-injection-florida.blogspot.com/2007/02/when-law-and-ethics-collide-why.html) covers it *really* well. Some highlights:The AMA specifically forbids any participation whatsoever, but several of the states that have the death penalty *require* physicians on the team. Nobody seems to have ever lost their medical license over it, but obviously that's the most serious consequence the AMA can impose.Non-medical personnel are really bad at starting an IV in inmates who are obese or intravenous drug users or both. So sometimes doctors actually start the IV.One doctor's experience of being asked to do progressively more:  Only one case seemed to really bother him. The convict, who had killed a policeman, weighed about 350 pounds. The team placed his intravenous lines without trouble. But after they had given him all three injections, the prisoner's heart rhythm continued. "It was an agonal rhythm," Dr. A said. "He was dead," he insisted. Nonetheless, the rhythm continued. The team looked to Dr. A. His explanation of what happened next diverges from what I learned from another source. I was told that he instructed that another bolus of potassium be given. When I asked him if he did, he said, "No, I didn't. As far as I remember, I didn't say anything. I think it may have been another physician." Certainly, however, all boundary lines had been crossed. He had agreed to take part in the executions simply to pronounce death, but just by being present, by having expertise, he had opened himself to being called on to do steadily more, to take responsibility for the execution itself. Perhaps he was not the executioner. But he was darn close to it.After word got out of his participation, the state medical board started proceedings against that doctor's license.  Ninety percent of his patients supported him, he said, and the state medical board upheld his license under a law that defined participation in executions as acceptable activity for a physician. But he decided that he wanted no part of the controversy anymore and quit. He still defends what he did. Had he known of the AMA's position, though, "I never would have gotten involved," he said.Anyway, go read the article. I found it fascinating.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆Rational and offered points I never considered. Well done.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆, well done. My opinion was "why not?", I came to the comments to see if anyone had brought up whether or not the execution process would damage organs.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
&amp;#8710;Fixed	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I didn't come in here expecting my view to be changed, goo job. &amp;#8710;	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
In regards to 3: 40 people's worth of organs is a hell of a lot of organs. Look at the whole country right now, all up in arms about 3 people killed in Boston. That's 40 people with, theoretically, multiple organs each with which a life could be saved. You could be looking at more than 100 people's lives saved every year, and those lives are a lot to those people and their families.And 4: Surely, if they're held responsible for their crimes and sentenced to death, they're considered responsible? And there could be rules to avoid coercion. Of course there will be flaws and corruption no matter what measures are taken to prevent them, but I'm not convinced that these will make it not worth the dozens of lives literally saved by the coercion-or-not of these people marching to their death anyway.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  40 people's worth of organs is a hell of a lot of organs. Look at the whole country right now, all up in arms about 3 people killed in Boston. That's 40 people with, theoretically, multiple organs each with which a life could be saved. You could be looking at more than 100 people's lives saved every year, and those lives are a lot to those people and their families.I agree with you - it *could* be a lot of lives. The overall donation rate in the U.S. is somewhere around one person in 300, BUT the reason it's so low seems to be that most people die in a way that makes organ donation impossible. So I don't know what a reasonable number of actual donors would be if this were permitted.The American Medical Association actually tolerates the idea of organ donation (though it's clear it makes them uncomfortable), but here's what they would require of participating physicians:  Organ donation by condemned prisoners is permissible only if (1) the decision to donate was made before the prisoner’s conviction, (2) the donated tissue is harvested after the prisoner has been pronounced dead and the body removed from the death chamber, and (3) physicians do not provide advice on modifying the method of execution for any individual to facilitate donation.Your next point:  Surely, if they're held responsible for their crimes and sentenced to death, they're considered responsible? And there could be rules to avoid coercion. Of course there will be flaws and corruption no matter what measures are taken to prevent them, but I'm not convinced that these will make it not worth the dozens of lives literally saved by the coercion-or-not of these people marching to their death anyway.Yeah, I get the sentiment. I disagree that anyone on death row is "marching to their death", because (1) [the leading cause of death on death row is old age](http://www.sfbg.com/politics/2010/08/30/truth-about-death-row) and (2) there is - and should be! - an awful lot of legal process and safeguards before such a final punishment can be meted out.My personal moral take on it is that it's not acceptable to hasten one man to death, no matter how despicable he may be, in order to save another.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  the leading cause of death on death row is old age and (2) there is - and should be! - an awful lot of legal process and safeguards before such a final punishment can be meted out.Well, I *am* referring to the people actually executed on death row. If so few people on death row actually die a controlled, intentional death that the benefits of harvesting organs are outweighed by the costs, then of course I don't like the idea. My personal moral take on it is that it's not acceptable to hasten one man to death, no matter how despicable he may be, in order to save another.I'm actually horrified by the idea of capital punishment at all but it's my leaning that, yeah, if we're going to kill a bunch of people (not spend millions of dollars on them for decades while they expire of natural causes), then we might as well use their ogans to save the lives of some others. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  I'm actually horrified by the idea of capital punishment at all but it's my leaning that, yeah, if we're going to kill a bunch of people (not spend millions of dollars on them for decades while they expire of natural causes), then we might as well use their ogans to save the lives of some others.Yep, I agree 100% with the sentiment, but as they say, the devil's in the details. Also, for the record, I'm against capital punishment. And as good as it would be for some positive to come from it, I just think the example of China and the similar situations (but much less serious in degree) that we can envision here make it not worthwhile.Also, a death sentence is a lot more expensive than life in prison. Somewhere else in this thread I found a link to a study California did that put the number at about $50,000 per year for a person sentenced to life without parole and $140,000 per year for someone on death row. That included legal process - both trial and appeals.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
&amp;#8710;I still support the idea of organ donation in the ideal model of efficient, trustworthy capital punishment, but you have me seriously rethinking it in today's world. I already had lots of problems with our penal system today, but you've given a lot of concrete facts leading away from it.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Well, congrats. &amp;#8710;	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Brilliant, succinct, to the point.∆	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
this is really good. ∆. sadly ive heard of a similar effect to #2 taking place in hospitals on occasion as well when organ donors come in.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
&amp;#8710;	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆, didn't completely change my view, but these are really good points I'd never considered.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆ First Delta I've awarded. Was completely in favor of the original statement. Never considered any of those points. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆ I also didn't have a strong position but this is very convincing. Thanks for citing sources too, by the way.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆ Give this man a delta.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
&amp;#8710;Came in thinking "Duh, of course they should be able to.  Why would you want your view changed on that?"aaaaand now it's changed.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
&amp;#8710;I'm also surprised; this is solid stuff here that I never even considered.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
[deleted]	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆Well done sir. I've never considered these things.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
&amp;#8710;Honestly didn't see any reason why it wouldn't be allowed; completely turned my view around, especially points 2 and 3.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆ dang, you killed it! Simple presentation, citing sources, and I completely switched positions now! I definitely expected more than 40 people per year, that one in particular sealed the deal.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆ Excellent arguments!	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Definitely, I was thinking of how bad that would be if there was an underground black market business of framing people with matching organs for rich people who don't want to wait on a list. Sounds like something Steve Jobs would have done.. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆ Didn't expect to encounter such reasonable points.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
[deleted]	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Hmm, did you put "amp;" in between two of the characters? Typing &amp;amp;#8710; will immediately create a &amp;#8710; when you press save. (I put amp; between two of the characters in case you're wondering why it didn't work for me.)	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I think I did 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Try it again without the amp; in a new comment :)	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Here goes my 3rd attempt! Should there be no &amp;amp, or only one? Cause whenever I add the delta, it seems to add an extra one each time I post it	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Type exactly this: **&amp;amp;#8710;** and press save. It didn't come up as a delta for me because I used "amp;" between the &amp; and #, but don't do that :)	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
It adds it every time after saving the comment! Even your comment has it. Two of them. &amp;amp's lol. I will just delete them though 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆It convinced me!	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆ Great list, I didn't expect my view on this one to change	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed - 1 delta awarded to /u/Aldrake	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Δ	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Attempt #5!! -_- &amp;amp;#8710; 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Clarification: Are they specifically not allowed to under current US (I assume) law?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
My understanding is that federal law is silent on the issue, but no U.S. state currently permits organ donation from those who have been executed.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I believe they are not allowed to.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
In order for that to happen it would essentially require a doctor to be present at the execution and even possibly preform the execution. No doctor will/should do this for a few reasons, mainly because the oath that they take is to help/save people not to kill people. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
A doctor would probably have to be present, but I don't know why a doctor would have to perform the execution. That is a jump in logic that I can't quite connect.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Theoretically there is a way it can be done by a non doctor but essentially they would have to change the way that the guy is killed to make sure he is just brain dead and his organs are still alive. In order for that to happen the doctor may not have to push the button to kill him, but their would need to be a doctors input in the setup of the execution and at the very least the doctor would have to be there as a consenting party which no doctor should ever do. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
what about abortion doctors?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
it's an operation on the parent that helps the parent. A fetus is not alive because it can not survive on it's own. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Neither can a 2-month old baby when left alone. Both would die due to not being able to survive on its own.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
you missed my point completely, physically outside in an environment 2 month olds have developed lungs and can breath on their own and live a life independent of the mother. Fetuses would die the second they are outside the womb. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
what about fetuses that are a certain age that can survive when taken out of the womb? at 26 weeks (a little over 6 months) a baby has an 80% chance of survival. why is it legal to kill them then? in canada, where i live, you can kill a developing child any time up till it exits the womb. so in reality, someone could abort their baby the day before the due date if they wanted to. source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fetal_viability	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
and that's why in the united states it's illegal for an abortion to happen after the 3rd trimester starts unless it is life threatening to the mother (in which case the doctor is still saving a life and helping people rather than hurting them). 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
well i guess that's kind of good...but sadly the same thing doesn't apply in canada. late term abortions are bad for everyone involved. I think even you can agree with that.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
It might be physically impossible to to do an organ trasnfer in this instance.  Typically, organ donors must be brain dead for the procedure.  [Source.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brain_death#Organ_donation)  I don't know if this is based on moral or medical concerns.  But if it's the latter, it might be difficult to agree on a humaine style of execution that preserves the organs.Edit: for clarity.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
That could be a good reason, but I can't accept with the advances in science we have, that we can't humanely kill a human being's brain without stopping his or her heart. It may be initially difficult to devise a way, but I doubt it would be prohibitively difficult.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Depending on how difficult it is, you might want to weigh the costs of redirecting research against the benefits.  There would still be no guarantee that states will adopt the appropriate legislation, and the number of donors would be minimal.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Right, I accept that getting something like this legislated would be extremely difficult and perhaps not worth the political capital. I guess I worded my title kind of poorly, but I more believe that allowing the practice would be more beneficial than banning it altogether.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
My question is where will the money to pay for the doctors who harvest the organs come from? 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Probably the state. You are using the organs to prevent deaths of other people. Assuming an average of around 3 lives saved per death row prisoner, I think paying for a doctor to perform such a procedure is worth it.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I would hope so. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Dude, have you not seen the Treehouse of Horror IX?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Haha, Simpsons do it?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Well they Could Donate One of Their Kidneys, Assuming it isnt Filled with Drugs.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I think inmates are allowed to donate kidneys just like everyone else, but being dead allows for the donation of many different kinds of organs that potentially save lives, not limited to kidneys that would otherwise go to waste. Those are the ones that I'm talking about.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I saying before the execution	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
The drugs they use for executions would probably poison the organs.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Please re-read what I said	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Fair enough but then what you are really proposing is to change the manner of executing in all 50 states. Fwiw, I'm against capital punishment.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  infinite punishment (from a secular view point)Clearly this is poor logic. It would be equal to "Life expectancy" minus "Age". Otherwise you are saying death is the same punishment to a healthy 18 year old as a cancer ridden 95 year old. In terms of surety this has always been an issue. Being ultimately unable to reverse a serious decision is tricky to argue. I would argue that some crimes are 100% definite. With the use of video evidence there is much precedence for crimes which are completely without doubt solved. It is important to note that this is the standard of proof REQUIRED in many countries (Beyond reasonable doubt). That being said it has been shown many times that there are innocent people in prison. Although it is unpalatable this has to be marked up as collateral as there is always a margin for error. This would be the main reason to argue against the death penalty I think. I think your assertion that this is the worst possible punishment is also wrong. Maybe read up on some North Korea style family based justice. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
[deleted]	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Is there some reason for you to think that an action made under the threat of harm to the defendant's family would not be considered during the trial or sentencing phase? Duress is a well recognized and litigated defense. It is not available as a defense to unlawful killing crimes but would be for any other crimes. It would also be available as a mitigating factor in an unlawful killing crime which would go a long way to avoiding a death sentence- which is never mandatory.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
The evidence of coercion might not come to light until after the conviction and execution, at which point exoneration or at least an appeal for a reduced sentence would no longer be possible.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
It takes years and decades in the US for an execution to actually happen.  	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Sure, and innocent people are *still* wrongfully executed.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
This is an issue that can be totally resolved as DNA evidence is now commonplace.  	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
DNA evidence has been commonplace for a few decades now and we're still executing innocent people.If it were something that could be "totally resolved" don't you think we would have achieved that by now? This is the issue that always arises when confronting the death penalty. Someone says, "Oh well I wouldn't support it unless we were *absolutely* sure. Then it's ok, right?" But there is no such thing as "absolutely sure". There are lab errors. Evidence tampering. Prosecutorial misconduct. Coerced confessions. Racially/ethnically/gender biased juries. There is no way to remove human fallibility and malice from the equation and ensure that the death penalty is being applied without causing uncorrectable miscarriages of justice.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Well, for one, I hate the idea of the death penalty. My home state abolished it in 1846 (Michigan) and I'm damn proud of that. But the US Supreme Court has lain down some substantial procedural burdens on the remaining states that do still execute. That's why the necessary appeals take years to complete. That is a lot of time for evidence to come forward. If the guilty party was aware of the duress and simply refused to say anything about it, I suppose we'll never know. But you could play the what-if game ad nauseum. Which is one of the many reasons I do not support the death penalty full stop. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
[deleted]	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Well, in trials in the US, the defendant and his or her attorney are given the opportunity to bring a lot of information the court's attention. If there is insufficient evidence, there is likely an insufficient case for duress. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I know what your saying however that's a legal defence that would have to be DISPROVED in court. That is the important point that the offence proved and therefore the defence proved beyond reasonable doubt. But still I know what u r saying. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
  Clearly this is poor logic. It would be equal to "Life expectancy" minus "Age". Otherwise you are saying death is the same punishment to a healthy 18 year old as a cancer ridden 95 year old. I don't like this interpretation of the "cost" of life. For one, how do you determine life expectancy? By national average? State average? Global average- but only those of similar 'socioeconomic class'? Do you account for my family history or my personal medical records (these *are* relevant, since because I live a healthier lifestyle than most, one must assume the penalty to be a higher cost to me)? Do you ask for some *prediction* for years remaining of those my age? Are you basing it on people who already died *who went through times where medical/biological knowledge was lower than it is now*? (ex: it's NOT appropriate to count my life expectancy based on people's death if they grew up in a time when smoking wasn't thought to be hazardous. This uniformly skews your view of a "fair punishment" against me.) In short, you don't *really* know when I would die if the state executes me, hence this doesn't escape Op's central point that is there is a lack of certainty.That's just boring, logistics and maybe you don't find it really moving. Then I ask you to consider the implication of the court handing out different penalties to different people. It will be literally impossible to consistently charge people with crimes -unless- you define the punishment some other way. And since most violent crimes are committed by the age group 16-24, you will rarely see capital punishment used against them, but a disproportionately larger use against the more middle-aged and elderly (after all, you equate- at least implicitly- 15 years punishment the same in jail or in the ground). So now you've created a system where by capital punishment is more likely to people *simply* due to their age.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Yeh totally agree. Sorry I don't think I was clear enough. I am not advocating this system I am saying that if you want to base it on how many lost years then the answer is clearly not infinite. Still quite right sir. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
So are you saying that life in prison and the death penalty are the exact same punishment? Because life in prison would also be "years of life remaining minus age". The thing is that even with life in prison a person has the chance to make something of his life, even if it is just spiritually. With death that's it, it just ends. It is the same for a 20 year old and a 60 year old. In that sense it really is infinite. You're essentially dividing everything you want to accomplish with you life by 0.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I was trying to point out that it is not a mathematical problem. It seems you agree with me. But in a mathematical sense clearly that is correct that premature death robs the individual of the remaining years of life. The OP was comparing this to say 2 years in prison taking two years of life so in that context I think yes death and life term are the same. In reality this is obviously not the case. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
The collateral damage far outweighs any good that is being done.  There are countless cases of people who should not have been executed but were. Georgia to this day executes the mentally retarded. The false conviction rate is unjustifiably high as well.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
If anything, wouldn't mental retardation mean there is less ability to change/rehabilitate? Honestly, i don't see why we should subject even the highest paid people to caring for a highly dangerous retard.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Because most people consider it immoral to kill someone with the brain of a 6 year old.  The Supreme Court ruled that it is unconstitutional to execute the mentally retarded.  	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
death IS the same punishment to an 18 year old and cancer ridden 95 year old.they are alive.  You make them not alive.  How many years they may live after that fact is irrelevant.  ending someone's life is ending someone's life.  	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Agree to disagree I think. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
  I would argue that some crimes are 100% definite. The case I always think of is the Fort Hood shooting(not the one that just happened). Nidal Hassan was apprehended at the scene, with plenty of witnesses, plenty of evidence, and plenty of motive. It's a pretty cut and dried case. However, the majority of death sentence cases aren't anything close to that.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
[deleted]	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I haven't read it yet but I will when I am on my desktop I assure you. Just to be clear I do not necessarily agree with capital punishment. I was trying t point out the poor reasoning of the OP. It seems I may have done this quite poorly lol. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
 infinite punishmentWould you rather die instantly, or be hooked up to a machine that keeps you alive and awake for 10,000 years while you're constantly physically and psychologically tortured in a way that you can never acclimatize to? You will do nothing else for the next 10 millennia than experience the maximum possible torture - there will be absolutely no quality of life.Personally I'd rather just die right now, so does that mean the 10,000 year punishment is greater than infinite in severity?  Of course it isn't, since neither of them are *infinitely* severe, they're *maximally* severe (if they're even that).If a man is 40, and will die at 70, letting him go makes him live 30 years of quality-socre 10 (let's assume), a life sentence makes him live 30 quality-score 1 years (also an assumption), and execution gives him 0 years of quality-value 10 or 1.  Exoneration denies him total-quality-value 0, a life sentence denies him total quality-value 270, and execution denies him total quality-value 300.Obviously it's not infinite, it's just 300 - the *maximum*. infinitely sureCrime severity and guilt certainty are not coefficients of punishment harshness (in the western system at least).  You don't need to be "certain beyond resonable doubt" to give someone a life sentence for murder, but "55%-45%" to sentence someone to an $80 fine for graffiti.So this point is irrelevant.Of course, I think the entire conception is flawed, since I'm not sure we should be hurting people because we don't like what they did.  You don't get to lock someone in a box because you think they acted immorally.  There shouldn't be some price-list of wrong-doing that you can choose crimes to commit from, and how many years you'll have to pay.So really why would we imprison, fine, or execute anyone?  To protect our selves from them.  You lock a murderer up to stop him from murdering people.  You fine a parking violator to pay for his car being towed.  How do we make sure we're doing that to the right people?  We have a trial and make sure we're sure *enough* ("beyond a reasonable doubt" is a good definition of 'enough').So what happens if we're sure beyond a reasonable doubt that a super hero killed someone *and will kill again*?  No prison can hold him, so let's take it as a given that the only way to stop him from killing someone else is to kill him.  We've got him on tape confessing, and committing the crime, but since it's impossible to be infinitely sure of anything, do we have to just let him murder everyone he likes, because we have no way of stopping him without an execution? 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I used to be pro death penalty until I did some post-conviction work for death row inmates in law school.  There are so many wrongful convictions.  Something like 15% of people WHO CONFESS turn out to be innocent and cleared by DNA evidence.  In Georgia, the State can execute people who are more likely than not mentally retarded.  They do this despite Atkins v Virginia.I'm not against the death penalty in theory but, at least for now, it doesn't work in practice.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Consider someone who is on death row and someone who is sentenced to life in prison. Both persons are being punished for committing a crime that can never be infinitely proven. Consequently, there exists the possibility that they are both innocent. Person A is executed after 10 years on death row. Person B dies in prison after serving a 70 year sentence. Both scenarios can be argued to be unwarranted because there can never be infinite proof that each person committed their crime. The end result is the same: death. Or, as you put it, infinite punishment.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
But if - after, say, 12 years or so - someone learns that the prisoner is innocent, the one who was given life can then be freed to at least live out whatever years they have left. You can't bring an executed prisoner back to life if it's later discovered that they were innocent.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
That's why there is a lengthy appeals process for prisoners on death row. Sure, it's not perfect, but what is? There is the potential for innocent people to be executed just as there is potential for innocent people to rot in prison for life.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
But, as I said, there is no potential for people who have been executed to be freed if they're innocent, while there is that potential for those who have only been imprisoned for life. It's the ability to rectify a mistake that's the issue here."It's not perfect." is not, in my opinion, a valid argument in favor of a permanent and irreversible punishment when we have no way to be absolutely sure of a person's guilt.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Yes, the potential is there. I am now genuinely curious how often that potential is realized versus when it is realized for prisoners on death row. Anyways, while I can readily accept that potential with ease, one still cannot ignore that there will always be those who suffer for their entire life in prison despite being innocent. To me, that misfortune isn't a whole lot different from the misfortune of those who are wrongfully executed. I wouldn't be surprised if there is a higher percentage of innocent people who serve prison sentences (enduring all the lasting harms/ills that come with that) than there is innocent people who were actually executed.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
The point is that someone who's imprisoned for life can still come free if his innocence is proven later down the road while execution is irreversible. Even if you're wrongfully incarcerated for 30 years and then freed, I'd argue that's still a hell of a lot better than being executed. The justice system is not flawless and therefore I think it is the most logical step to abstain from methods of punishment that can not be reversed.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Right, and I readily acknowledge that point. If executions were processed hastily, I think that point would be even more significant. With that said, I'd still like to see the rates of inmates who are proven innocent after serving large sentences versus the rates of inmates proven innocent after appeals on death row.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Very few countries will actualy keep people in prison for 70 years. I would be interested if someone could name an example country and also the crime one would have to commit to recieve a 70+ year sentence (without parole)	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I think you mean whole life sentences. [This](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_prisoners_with_whole-life_tariffs) is a list for the UK of people who will die in prison	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Thanks thats very interesting. 42 people out of 97,000 (aprox) prisoners out of 63 million population. Just to give some perspective....	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Maybe the criminal didn't meet parole, it doesn't change the argument (although its flawed ^for ^^other ^^^reasons ). 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
It's essentially a life sentence and I know at least in the U.S. it happens. Sometimes they even give greater than a life sentence (100+ years) in the case of mass killings, for instance.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
It's definitely not infinite punishment because you could compare it to the harshest form of life imprisonment (actually, you could argue that torturous life imprisonment would be worse). But I get that you're saying it's irrevokable and requires absolute certainty of proof. However, saying that it should be scraped along those lines ignores a couple of other potential reasons for capital punishment. Note that I don't necessarily agree with these but they are points to be addressed. * Deterrent. Studies on this are inconclusive, mainly because capital punishment is so (relatively) rare so collecting data on rates before/after is difficult. (IIRC some studies speculate that execution rates would need to be something like 100x what they are in the US to actually have any kind of deterrent effect. Some actually argue that capital punishment causes a "brutality" effect on society where people value human life less and causes a slight rise in violent crime. Interesting to read about, but again, inconclusive. )* Consolation/closure for the victim/victim's family. Whether or not this is beneficial or actually ethical to grant is, again, a bit of a complicated area. * Safety of others and recidivism. Consider that even though we can get really goddamn sure 99.9999% proof, we can't get absolute 100% proof of a crime. Contrastingly, even though we can imprison them with 99.9999% certainty of them not escaping, we can't absolutely with 100% certainty guarantee they won't get loose and murder someone else (maybe a guard, fellow inmate, or god forbid escape prison entirely). In which case we should consider the overall benefit to society. We should also consider that the death of an innocent, say a child, may be morally weighted as being worse than the death of someone who is 99.9999% probably an evil son of a bitch murderer. Depending on your morality scale. You'd actually have to do quite a lot of studies to determine the actual chances of each, which is hard because both are so close to 100%, but it's something to consider. And even if it turns out prisons are more secure than our courts are accurate, all that means it that our courts are lacking, and that theoretically there does exist a point in which society receives more utility from capital punishment, if the courts can somehow magically increase their accuracy past the point where prisons are secure.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
What about the 13 people murdered by Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan at Fort Hood in 2009? There is absolute, undeniable proof that he committed those murders and wounded 32 others. He currently awaits execution on military death row.This is a man who took *thirteen* lives and would have taken many, many more if he hadn't been stopped. What justice is there in letting him live out his life in prison? Three meals a day, cable tv, a library, wood or leatherworking classes...he could even get a degree!Here's the best way to look at it: Say it's 2009 and you are watching the news of Hasan's Ft. Hood massacre. You are horrified at the carnage and you feel so upset for the families as the death tally rises. Suddenly there's breaking news...a military police officer shot and killed the shooter. Are you upset that the officer shot him? Do you genuinely think he deserved better than a bullet to the chest or head? Do you think he deserved to die for what he did?*What's the difference in shooting him on site versus him being convicted and put to death?*Honestly, my only problem with capital punishment is how long it is dragged out. It's cheaper for life sentences than death sentences after you figure in all the appeals and court costs. I think Hasan should have been tried, convicted, and immediately put down for his crimes. It's different when you aren't sure, but there are a lot of instances where you can be absolutely 100% sure. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
[deleted]	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I know the difference in shooting an armed versus unarmed person. I'm asking why it is so different in people's minds if he is (hypothetically) shot on scene or if he is convicted and put to death. Removing the gun from his hands doesn't remove the blood. Nobody ever says, "If someone raped and killed my daughter, I would prosecute them to the full extent of the law and watch them go to prison." They say, "If someone touched my baby, I would kill them." People think their own pain warrants it, but God forbid someone gets sentenced to death row for a crime that didn't affect them, no matter how heinous and deserving. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Putting the absolute certainty issue aside. Putting the violation of human rights aside.Even by retributive standards, a death penalty is not just.The man you mentioned has killed 13 innocents. A proportionate and fair punishment (says the USA legal system) is death.13 innocents who were not guilty of any crimes have lost their lives, some suffering to their dying breath.1 guilty who has commited one of the most heinous crimes will lose his life, after a fair trial and will die a painless death.Does this seem like a proportionate punishment to you?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
What I think is a fair death for him is not what's in question. I, personally, think public lynching is a better deterrent for would-be criminals. I think we worry too much about the rights of murderers and rapists, people who themselves didn't respect the rights of others. They shouldn't have better access to healthcare, libraries, and schooling than parts of our own population. They shouldn't get less time in prison for murder than some people get for drug use. No, a painless death isn't proper vengeance, but it is retributive justice. The punishment fits the crime in the fact that he forfeits his life in exchange for the 13 lives he took. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I'm not sure military prison is the quasi-pleasant place you make civilian prison out to be...and he has a degree, likely two as a Major.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I agree that military prison is probably much worse and I'm sure he did have degrees considering his rank; however, most people are in state prisons and many don't have a way of achieving a degree outside of the prison system. I used Hasan as an example because it is a fairly well known case and is easily searchable because of the media coverage. My husband worked in a prison, as has my mother, my aunt, and several friends. Yeah, it can be horrible, but there are a lot of opportunities to be taken advantage of. There are a lot of people who have better lives in prison than they did outside. I get that a lot of it is for rehabilitative purposes, but it still doesn't make it fair that a murderer has a better chance of an education than an inner-city teen. It isn't fair that they can learn a great trade for free/cheap, but people who have done no wrong pay tens of thousands to learn the same thing in trade school. I know it is ultimately better for them to be educated or know a trade for if/when they are paroled, but it doesn't make it any less irritating that felons have better opportunities inside prison than so many hard-working, non criminals. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I think others have adequately addressed the issue of "infinite punishment" being logically invalid; I'd like to address the concept of reasonably certainty - I think you're generally correct, that you can't have capital punishment without a level of certainty, but I think that that level *absolutely* can be obtained, *just not for every case*. It would then be required in sentencing to have a separate concept for seeking capital punishment, in which the person is found guilty beyond a reasonable doubt, but not with a surety that belies capital punishment. It's honestly a pretty fine line to have a case where you're sure enough a person committed a crime due to circumstantial evidence, but don't have the video/physical proof to execute, but I can see it existing, and as such, have to disagree with it being scrapped entirely. There are people so heinous, with such undeniable proof (including open confessions without duress), that capital punishment should remain on the table, even if the use of it in the first place (that is, whether or not capital punishment is moral/ethical, if you had your certainty) is still open for debate.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
[removed]	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Sorry angryherbivore, your post has been removed:    Comment Rule 1\. "Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s current view (however minor), unless they are asking a clarifying question. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to comments." [See the wiki page for more information.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1)  If you would like to appeal, please [message the moderators by clicking this link.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Removed+Comment+Rule+1+Post+Appeal&amp;message=angryherbivore+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2265kk/cmv_i_think_that_capital_punishment_requires_a/cgjxv1x\))	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
It's hard to "reverse" losing decades of your life, albeit not as extreme as losing the whole thing.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
To clarify your position, you think in a hypothetical case where, let's say, a longtime member of a Neo-Nazi gang says he's going to kill a bunch of people and then he could go and shoot up a school and we could have dozens of security cameras and dozens more of footage from people's cellphones and you'd still believe that wasn't good enough evidence?I can agree that probably 90+% of death row cases should be life sentences instead when they rely on circumstance, eyewitness accounts which can be unreliable and DNA which can be wrong or falsified. But to say you can never ever have ABSOLUTE certainty means you have to get into explanations like "maybe he was controlled by aliens" and "maybe the government made 100 different fake videos from fifty different sources."	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
There's still the uncertainty that the person in the video is the one being held. If you're talking about the fantastically rare possibility that someone might be caught on a (somehow unimpeachable) video both killing people, and also being caught, and also having an unimpeachable chain of custody so that you know they are the ones that committed the crime, then all that's left is whether the person is legally sane. Of course, that's a pretty contentious issue. How would you ever be certain of that?And in any case, that would merely change the view to "99.9% of all people charged with a capital offense can't be proven guilty sufficiently to justify the death penalty". 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Google says there are currently about 3000 in the US on death row. I've done no extensive analysis so I don't want to quibble on what I guess is more like 90% shouldn't be to your stated 99.9% and instead let's focus on that 0.1%. Your original statement was that we could never have a satisfactory level of certainty. I'd guess the better number from absolute reasonable certainty instead of the current standard of beyond reasonable doubt would put that number closer to 300. But even at 99.9% that leaves 3 people that we are certain of. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Ummm... that would be 99%. 99.9% would be only .3 people. I'd say that's about right, when you include uncertainty about their level of (legal) sanity.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
10 percent of 3000 is 300.1 percent of 3000 is 30.0.1% of 3000 is 3.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Thought you were saying something else. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Personally, in those excruciatingly rare cases where we not only have that level of evidence that the crime happened, but also can be certain that they are legally sane, I would have no problem with the death penalty except that it's still an incredible waste of money and resources to reach that level of certainty. It's just not worth it to have a societal policy of a death penalty for 3 people over the course of several decades. Life in prison is a perfectly adequate and cost-effective solution to that problem that removes *all* possibility of society being responsible for executing an innocent person. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
The expensive part of the death sentence is the decades of appeals to reach the point of execution. If the level were changed to absolute certainty and there were just 3 or even 300 death penalty cases those multiple appeals wouldn't happen because they would only attempt that punishment when there was absolutely clear evidence of guilt.Here's an example I found by searching the phrase 'recorded himself murdering': http://www.volokh.com/2011/02/09/man-accidentally-records-himself-murdering-his-wife/I'm not saying this case specifically deserves the death penalty or there'd be no appeals or mental evaluations, but this seems a pretty clear cut example where there'd be no fear of innocence and no reason we'd need decades of court appearances before an execution. (Personally I'd put the death penalty standard at absolute certainty of indiscriminate mass murder.)	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
While I agree with your basic point, I would argue that there doesn't seem to be a large need to put in place an entire infrastructure for execution, including all of the protocols to ensure this level of "absolute certainty", to solve such an extremely minor problem that largely appears to be caused by mental illness in the first place. If 2997 of those death row inmates are only going to be put in jail for life, without parole, is it worth the extra effort to even *have* a death penalty? What do we really gain by dealing with those incredibly rare corner cases?Also, one has to ask a question about fundamental fairness. I have no doubt that most of the people on death row are exactly as "deserving" of this death penalty as the ones where we could prove their crime with absolute certainty. If it were common that we could easily reach absolute certainty, my opinion might be different.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I think it's possible for the justice system to be certain enough of guilt to sentence someone to death.Like the Colorado movie theater shooter, he got caught red-handed. No doubt it was him. I'm fine with him getting the chair, or whatever Colorado uses.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
In most countries it is scrapped, and it definately should be everywhere.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
While others have pointed out that your view of "infinite" punishment is incorrect, I'll take a different tack on that:By your metric, life in prison is exactly the same punishment as death, i.e. "punishment for all of your remaining life". So should your view also say that life in prison is unjustifiable by any degree of certainty?The real reason we need that certainty is that the death penalty is *irreversable* in case of error, not that it is of life-long magnitude.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Death is not an infinite punishment but is actually zero punishment. The executed prisoner no longer experiences the suffering of incarceration. A life sentence is actually worse than the death penalty as they will experience the suffering of incarceration and then death.Some prisoners want to be executed to lesson the suffering they experience in prison, http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/oct/20/death-row-alabama-execution-prisonerThe suffering in prison is so high that efforts are made to avoid suicide, http://www.usmarshals.gov/prisoner/suicide_prevention.htmExecuting prisoners does not cause them harm, but potentially harms society if an innocent person is executed and we lose their contributions.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I think the idea of punishment is achieved by the removal of something, for example, ten years of incarceration achieves punishment by removing the freedom of an individual both spatially and socially, similarly community service achieves punishment by taking labor and time. Capital punishment is then just the removal of the remaining natural life span of the convict and is therefore not infinite and mathematically achievable by committing heinous crimes.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
The issue here then arises in the certainty of guilt. Even a life sentence can be taken back after being given if it's later discovered that there was a mistaken conviction. There is no such possibility with the death penalty. A permanent punishment should require absolute, 100% certainty of guilt, which is not something that we can ever achieve with a human-based justice system.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
  death is an infinite punishment (from a secular view point)No it isn't. This would imply that there would be absolutely no punishment worse than it. What about being killed *and* having to watch loved ones being beaten? What about having your child killed in your place? Plain death isn't the worst punishment inflictible; you can't therefore claim that its punishment value is infinite, nor that a fitting crime has to be infinitely abhorrent to the point of nonexistence. I would argue that it would be slightly worse than life in prison; this is why these are usually these options are so difficult for a jury to decide between, because they are as close punitively as they are. I would hazard that if you offered death over life in prison to fresh convicts, a decent amount would prefer not to rot out in prison. This isn't something you can compare pseudomathematically as you are trying to do; eveything is relative.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
How does that imply there is nothing worse. it quite simply states that death is permenant ans thus secularly can be considered infinite. Obviously there are worse punishments that death, although intersingly very few are used by modern correctional systems. i for one would like to know which countries still make you watch your loved ones being beaten?? OP is about modern capital punishment. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
 How does that imply there is nothing worse.if it's infinitely "bad" how can there be a worse punishment than it? Are you trying to argue cardinalities of different kinds of infinitely "bad" punishments?  it quite simply states that death is permenant ans thus secularly can be considered infinite.Permanence only implies infinite punishment if you think that people can live infinitely long. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
OP doesnt say its bad, rather OP is about the length of service.   Permanence only implies infinite punishment if you think that people can live infinitely longPeople cant live infinetly wrong and that is a valid point both I and OP neglected to consider	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
I didn't really believe in capital punishment, but then I read this article: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence_Bittaker_and_Roy_NorrisThese two men tortured, raped, and killed at least five teenage girls in the back of their van in 1979. Read the full descriptions of what they did to the five girls.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
So you are advocating capital punishment as a form of revenge? I'd just like to make that clear before I write a long winded post responding to that. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
[deleted]	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Let us assume for the sake of argument that revenge is indeed a legitimate goal of the justice system. Nevertheless, capital punishment is a flawed sentence. One point often raised against capital punishment is the fact that it is irreversible. If the goal is revenge, why can't we imprison someone for life in miserable conditions? Not only could we adjust how miserable or torturous those conditions are as appropriate to the crime, possibly even worse than death, but in the rare case that someone was wrongly convicted we can free them from at least part of their sentence. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
[deleted]	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
 Best to just kill them and move on. Think of their "souls" as a cancer that needs to be eradicated by high intensity radiation.You aren't advocating just revenge then... Are you implying that society is somehow better off by them being dead vs lifetime in solitary confinement? They both essentially have no impact on the rest of society (if you have an argument otherwise, I'd like to hear it!) . Yeah there's cost involved but as it stands, court costs with appeals and such forth often equal if not outweigh life imprisonment. There is a lot of appeal in a simple, convenient solution like killing them and moving on, but I think we're obligated to at least *try* to find the most moral course of action. 	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
How does extremely painful/miserable imprisonment not also serve as a deterrent if we are to take this route? If, for example, it's well known you'll... I dunno, take regular acid baths (w/o dying) for the rest of your life or something equally extreme, wouldn't that also be a deterrent? I'm also curious if you actually have any statistical evidence of capital punishment having a deterrent effect. I actually had to research the topic for a class and could not find any definitive findings one way or the other, but that was a few years ago. (Also, now you're introducing another motive *besides* revenge, which I explicitly asked for in my first post of this comment thread, but that's beside the point because I think my argument still applies. )	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
What does revenge accomplish exactly?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
[deleted]	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Why are either of those two things good?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
.	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
So are you trying to shape behavior (either in the person convicted or in others who might be tempted to commit a crime), or is there some other reason you favor draconian punishment?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
And why is it better?	The level of certainty that is necessary for Death Penalty is unachievable
Wouldn't this incentive juries to give people the death penalty where they otherwise might not?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
That is a really good point, I haven't thought of that at all.I was thinking about the present situation, and I haven't thought that something like that would actually support death penalties.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
There was some great short stories by Larry Niven (author of Ringworld) in the 1960s where improvements in transplants lead to a demand for organs that causes society to have the death penalty even for simple traffic offenses.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆I would really like to read them, can you give me any kind of link?Anyway, this actually changed my view!P.s. did I do the delta thing right?EDIT: trying to do the delta thing right	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
[Flatlander](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flatlander_(short_story_collection\)) is a good place to start 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  P.s. did I do the delta thing right?No, it mustn't be in a quote (the   before the Delta).	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
You need to do the delta without the quote.As for Larry Niven, "The Jigsaw Man" and "A Gift From Earth" deal with this topic specifically, but I love all of his work.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Seeing how that Δ fell through I'm going to award you one of my own. And yes, it is actually deserved because you changed my view too. The only way to avoid this risk is in a competent dictatorship and in that case you don't need much in the way of justification for what you do with your prisoners anyway.So Δ.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/Omega037.[^Omega037's ^delta ^history](/r/ChangeMyView/wiki/user/omega037) ^| [^delta ^system ^explained](/r/ChangeMyView/wiki/DeltaBot)	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
ΔI'm giving you a delta, because using death inmates as test subjects has always been a view of mind.  You actually changed my view. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/Omega037.[^Omega037's ^delta ^history](/r/ChangeMyView/wiki/user/omega037) ^| [^delta ^system ^explained](/r/ChangeMyView/wiki/DeltaBot)	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I doubt you would ever get any ethics commission to approve such experiments, let alone the fact that that falls under cruel and unusual punishment.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Yes, that's exactly my point, *it is* cruel, but killing is far worse in my opinion, if they *decide* the death of someone, why not accept using his body to do some good?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
 but killing is far worse in my opinionIn your opinion.The inmates might disagree.So what is the protocol here?They do 5 experiments then they get downgraded to life in prison?They still get executed if they are too damaged for further experiments?Who decides wether they take part in experiments?Also you say only experiments which are pain free.How would oyu know if they are? What about unknown sideeffects causing pain and suffering after the fact?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Sorry I understand that I have not been clear, I edited the opening post.I am talking about only one experiment per person, and the inmate dying anyway, whether the experiment has succes or it doesn't, within the experiment itself. Once put to sleep, he knows he is not going to wake up.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
So is this a voluntary thing?Otherwise why not use the bodies of all deceased people for experiments as needed if you do not need consent?Additional punishment? The families of the inmates too might want to receive the body intact for a proper funeral.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
It's not voluntary, they don't have choice other than die anyway.All deceased people (or at least most of them) have not been forced to die, and even though giving your body to science is a laudable thing to do, they have the right to decide what to do with their body.I understand that the right to live, and the right to do whatever you want with your dead body are two different things, but isn't the second one negligible in comparison with the first one?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
So you are saying once a significant right is compromised, all "lesser" rights are irrelevant?Once someone is sentenced to death, guards can freely torture them ?Once someone is sent to prison in general they do not have a right to be treated like people anymore?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
It's not compromised, someone took that right off of them on purpose, for the "well-being" of mankind.By the same principle you can take away "lesser" right, for the well-being of mankind, no?Torture is not useful at all, it's just *more* unnecessary cruelty.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  Otherwise why not use the bodies of all deceased people for experiments as neededIn principle this *would* be a good idea, but I think there's just no need. In Austria we have too many people who donate their dead bodies to science, so the university had to refuse a couple of donors. Later they imposed a fee, which is 450 Euros today, so it's still much cheaper than an funeral.  Additional punishment? The families of the inmates too might want to receive the body intact for a proper funeral.Well, in some countries (including Austria, where I live) everyone is a organ donator (as long as he didn't object in his lifetime). "intact for a proper funeral" is a loose concept.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  Later they imposed a fee, which is 450 Euros today, so it's still much cheaper than an funeral.Woah. I have to see how it is in my country. Because that honestly changes my (very) long term plans. Eh, maybe some artist will buy it.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Tell me when you're done. It's interesting how other countries handle it.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
So torture is worse than a painless lethal injection?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  painless lethal injectionI think some people might object if they were able to.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
If I was sentenced to death for some reason, I'd probably rather die knowing when it will happen rather than be subjected to dozens of bizarre experiments I may or may not survive, not knowing what will happen. It's essentially mental torture-a prolonged period of endless fear.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
In the United States, we have a ban on "cruel and unusual punishment" in our Constitution.  This seems like the definition of cruel and unusual punishment.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
"cruel and unusual punishment" is a very loose concept. You may say that the death penalty *is* cruel. In the huge majority of Europe it's even a violation of human rights.Where do you draw the line? There's no unitary definition of "cruel and unusual punishment".	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Well, I know it when I see it, and trust me, this is cruel and unusual punishment.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
If you're knocked out and never wake up it's no more cruel than a "normal" lethal injection. And it can't even be called unusual punishment because technically the experimentation isn't punishment. It is forced labor that happens to take place between your state mandated unconsciousness and your state mandated death.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I think that *every* punishment is cruel if we have less severe methods to protect us. So the capital punishment is cruel, too.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
After Tuskeegee and the Guatemala STI experiments and the [Belmont report](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belmont_Report) there  still have been numerous violations. In a perfect world I would agree with your premise, but the slippery slope it creates. Private prisons have already led to increase in incarcerations with even judges arrested for sending kids to prisons for kickbacks. How would you safeguard increased in the number of death sentences given that there is a positive externality to these.This is especially worrisome when you consider the fact that fairly large sample sizes are required to draw generalizable conclusions from experiments. Couple that with the the prevalence of wrongful incarceration, makes the premise of using death row inmates as test subjects  highly dangerous in the worst case scenario, and even in the best case scenario extremely morbid, as in absence of the ability to draw population level inferences they stand to end up being a Mengelian experiment.Finally you may want to read the Belmont report, which defines inmates as vulnerable populations and the reasoning behind it. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
∆Yes, you are absolutely right.P.s. for everyone interested like me: [Belmont Report](http://videocast.nih.gov/pdf/ohrp_belmont_report.pdf)	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Forcefully? I would agree if inmates got the choice to do so in exchange for money or something, but forcing someone to be expereminted on would fall under cruel or unsusal punishment. It could also lead to more people put on death row, right now the death penalty is not a extremely popular choice, and any judge thinking of using it would be criticized, if death row becomes profitable or benifisial then people will be more accepting of it.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
About the cruelty: http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/3173dl/cmv_people_sentenced_to_death_should_be_used_in/cpyy2u7About the fact that this could actually promote death penalties: you're right: http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/3173dl/cmv_people_sentenced_to_death_should_be_used_in/cpyypd8	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Some people believe that life in prison is cruler than the death penalty because at least the death penalty is an end to suffering, with your idea they still die, but slowly and painfully.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
No, in their point of view, they die in the exact same way as a lethal injection.EDIT: (see the edit in the opening post)	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Experiments are more than just seeing if the person died or not, you need to make sure there are no problems days or even years afterwards as well as get information like pain levels and how it interacts with medications etc ect. Just doing an experiment on someone and then killing them if it is a success loses most of the important information.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I agree, but I think exclude something that surely does not work from something that it might it's still better than nothing.And there are not only experiments testing procedures, we could just better understand how do we work.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
 but I think exclude something that surely does not work from something that it might it's still better than nothing.Can you maybe reword this? Are you saying that giving someone something and having them die from it is benifisial because now we know it kills us? I disagree, because many people would have to die before anything was conclusivly proven, and due to the dangerous and unhealthy nature of prison it would be hard to determine if the thing was truly dangerous, because it could have interacted with something the prisoner took or did.The reason most experiments are done with laboratory raised animals is that science requires things to be conclusively proven, so when they do an experiment on a mouse they know what it has been eating, where it has been and everything it has been exposed to for its entire life, that way scientists can remove any variables. Prison is the polar opposite of that, the people have criminal histories, are in an unlean environment, and have access to drugs, scientists would have a hell of a time finding out why people died in the experiments. It would also cost money as the scientists would need information about the inmate, blood type, possible genetic disorders etc ect.For better understanding how we work, we have CT scans MRI's and ultra sounds, and already dead people, there is little reason to do exploritory surgery.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Like I "proposed" before: maybe some kind of experiment where you try to bypass the lungs of a patient and oxigenate directly the blood stream (and take away the CO2). That could lead to artificial lungs.My point is, I don't think there are absolutely no good experiments that can be done.Are they worth it? As I now understand, [no](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/3173dl/cmv_people_sentenced_to_death_should_be_used_in/cpz2t1a)	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I'm sorry but saying that "killing is inherently cruel, therefore increasing the cruelty suffered by those sentenced to death is not unethical."If you're going to accept the death penalty, it doesn't just whitewash the treatment leading up to it.Torture is *cruel*, and the death penalty is predicated on being as painless as possible.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  and the death penalty is predicated on being as painless as possible.Why do you have such troubles with painful executions, then? It seems that some states are not capable of using the least painful method.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  It seems that some states are not capable of using the least painful method.And when its found out that they do it it is stopped, it's not that complicated.If if didn't matter, then there would be no ongoing judicial review as to whether or not lethal injection is "uncruel" enough.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Now there will be an incentive to put more people on death row. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Prisoners in general have much worse health than the general population, the data is going to be skewedThink back to that death row prisoner in Oklahoma who's execution was botched from his heavily damaged veins	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Uhm, I see your point, but isn't tearing apart a not-so-good-anymore machine better than tearing apart a completely-dead one?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Ignoring the ethics,  experimentation has very defined guidelines such as uniformity, controls and sample sizesLab animals come from specific stock, eat specific food all of their lifeWith humans we fill out surveys to fill out criteria, simply put there are not enough prisoners to get enough meaningful data and we've seen what happens when prisons have incentives for more prisoners 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
   and we've seen what happens when prisons have incentives for more prisonersThat's why I changed my view.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
[deleted]	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  My main argument against that, and the death penalty in general, is that humans (and our creations such as the court system) are imperfect, this leads to innocent people being wrongfully convicted of all sorts of crimes.This is not an agrument against the experimentation, it's an argument against death penalties in general, and I agree.  experiments usually require very precise control groups to get useful data (they don't just use random rats).This is, and I kind of disagree.Of course we can't base our entire study on those patient, but on them we can test something in extreme situation, or just the "firsts".There is always gonna be a first person who gets the [new artificial organ here], why not make this person be someone who doesn't matter if he dies or live?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Does "cruel and unusual punishment" sound familiar to you?These exact words were first used in the English Bill of Rights 1689 and later were also adopted by the Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution (ratified 1791) and British Leeward Islands' Slavery Amelioration Act (1798). Very similar words, "No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment", appear in Article 5 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on December 10, 1948. The right under a different formulation is also found in Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights (1950) and in Article 7 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (1966). The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms (1982) also contains this fundamental right in section 12 and it is to be found again in Article 4 (quoting the European Convention verbatim) of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (2000). It is also found in Article 16 of the Convention against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (1984), and in Article 40 of the Constitution of Poland (1997).[1] The Constitution of the Marshall Islands, in the sixth section of its Bill of Rights (Article 2), prohibits "cruel and unusual punishment", which it defines as: the death penalty; torture; "inhuman and degrading treatment"; and "excessive fines or deprivations".[2]	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  Not experiments that involve high amount of pain of course, the kind of experiments that are pain-free (or almost pain-free) but with a high chance of death.Two questions:One, can you provide an example of what would constitute a high risk experiment that would not cause pain?Two, would the subjects be aware of the experiments or their risks?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Uhm, let me see.Maybe some kind of experiment where you try to bypass the lungs of a patient and oxigenate directly the blood stream (and take away the CO2), while the patient is put to sleep.My basic knowledge of physiology tells me that we should see a heart failure anyway, but how can we be sure?We know very little about the functioning of the human body when it comes to the details, I'm thinking of experiments with the purpose of understanding it better, like taking apart a working machine gives us a better idea of how it works, rather than taking apart an already broken one.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  Uhm, let me see. Maybe some kind of experiment where you try to bypass the lungs of a patient and oxigenate directly the blood stream (and take away the CO2), while the patient is put to sleep. My basic knowledge of physiology tells me that we should see a heart failure anyway, but how can we be sure?What's the risk of the subject experiencing hypoxia or false hypoxia, which is what has lead manufacturers of most lethal injection cocktails to restrict sale to the US?  You haven't answered whether or not the subject would be aware of the intent of the experiments.EDIT: Formatting.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
  You haven't answered whether or not the subject would be aware of the intent of the experiments.You're right I'm sorry. It's just that the it doesn't seems important to me, he is going to die anyway. It could be aware, or it could be not, the awareness of the intent usually gives people choice to pull back.He can't pull back, and I don't see why he should care of how he dies, as long as it's painless.Anyway yes, I think it should be "fair" to let him know what's going to happen.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Knowledge of impending death is a clear psychological harm; while the  court system in the US has generally held that this is not enough to meet the burden of "cruel and unusual" punishment, it's also implicitly understood that the State should attempt to end the life of the prisoner in a humane and rapid fashion once an execution begins; if a subject is instead aware of a *possible* loss of life, they then face a situation where they're essentially given a false hope - maybe they'll live! Does your system give any sort of credit for successful experiments? If a patient survives some set number, is their debt to society considered paid? Or are they simply used up until they're eventually dead?  In that way it seems clear that this would meet the definition of cruel and unusual punishment, even without the pain component you seek to avoid.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I see your point, probabily I haven't explained my view clearly in my post: it's only one experiment per person, and the inmate is going to die anyway, whether the experiment has succes or it doesn't, within the experiment itself. Once put to sleep, he knows he is not going to wake up.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
So how do you kill them if the experiment doesn't?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Lethal injection? How is it important?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I think it will be really difficult to get any scientists or whatever to want to do experiments on people that will probably kill the people. Like that seems unpleasant for everyone involved. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Of course I'm talking about experiments safe for the team, like invasive medical ones where the patient is put to sleep	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I don't think they mean that the experiment would be unsafe for the scientist, but that most scientists would not want to do a procedure that will likely kill someone.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Oh I didn't understand.Anyway I don't be the lack of scientists should be a problem...	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
It will be though. No organization is gonna fund research that'll kill somebody. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Cruel and Unusual Punishment comes to mind.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
You are against the death penalty but you support human experimentation that will likely result in death? Isn't that essentially a death sentence? The difference is that your proposed experimentation is cruel and unusual. I can't think of many experiments that are likely to cause death, which are pain-free. This is basically torture.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Yes, I am against the death sentence, and I think it should be abolished. My idea was that since there is no intention of doing so, at least, we should use what we have to do some good for humanity, something like "if life gives you lemons, make lemonade".I actually changed my mind understanding that [a procedure like this will likely increase the number of death penalties](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/3173dl/cmv_people_sentenced_to_death_should_be_used_in/cpz2t1a)EDIT: grammar	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
In addition to the problems already stated I think you still have the same problems that we have now with the death penalty, including uncertainty about guilt.So do you begin the experiments before or after all appeals, including for clemency, have been exhausted? Do you do the experiments if the prisoner proclaims their innocence until their dying breath? What about prisoners that have been falsely convinced that they committed a crime?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Yes, and that's why I am against the death penalty in the first place, my idea was  to "do some lemonade".	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
If a person is falsely convicted, I don't see how it could be better that we then increase their punishment, especially when there is a chance for their punishment to be reduced or their conviction overturned.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
My idea was not about "increasing" the punishment, from the inmate side, everything would be the same.Things would have to go exactly how they go now, the only difference is that instead of a lethal injection, we put the inmate to sleep and do the experiment, killing him before he wakes up.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I don't see how that would be practical. Typically a prisoner has the right to say their last words to their family, to the victims, etc, then they are put to sleep and executed. So the experiment would need to be short enough to not inconvenience or cause more mental anguish to everyone who is there to watch the execution and observation of the outcomes would need to be unaffected by the impending death.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I see how that could be a problem for the family, but compared to the fact that he will die, does it change that after the last word he wouldn't *really* be dead immediately?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
I think it would for the observers. I don't think that the family of the prisoner or the family of the bereaved would have closure until the prisoner is dead. Certainly we could argue that it should not matter, but  I don't think that will change how most people feel about observing the final passing.At any rate I found your original idea thought provoking. ::Doffs hat, smiles agreeably, exits conversation.::	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
What kind of experiments did you have in mind? Because putting someone to sleep and then 'doing the experiment', killing them before they wake up sounds more like vivisection than human trials for medication, for example. What would we actually learn from vivisecting a live prisoner that we don't learn from an autopsy, or from examining bodies in medical school? 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Deep sleep experiments, artificial organ transplants, brain transplants (we could have evidence that the consciousness is located in the brain).There's something for sure.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
Artificial organ transplants and brain transplants cannot be applied to wider research without knowing what happens after transplantation. If we know that an artificial organ can be placed into a human body, but the subject dies immediately or soon after the transplant, we don't really learn much about the viability of such transplants. If part of the point of the experiment is that the subject will die, what's the point in testing procedures that aim to increase life expectancy or require the subject to be alive to actually measure the results?	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
   without knowing what happens after transplantationActually, we can, I didn't say that the patient should be killed *right after* the experiment, we could keep him in a sleep state for as long as we want, we can even mess with the normal functions of the body to see what happen.	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
This has got to be the most fucked up thing I've ever read on CMV. 	Bodies of people sentenced to death should be used to repay society (e.g. medical experiments, organ donation)
The problem is quick and painless, yet not messy and palatable to the public.  A crown of hand grenades with a synchronized pin system would do the trick with 100% reliability yet it would create a ghastly mess.  This is the same problem with a dozen computer controlled guns pointed at a person's head.  Or we could do a guillotine where instead of a blade there were a twenty ton weight and instead of the neck it landed on the head.  None of these methods could possibly go wrong in a way where the person would have time for their brain to perceive pain.  The problem is the mess.  The public likes things clean: an injection, a gas, a drop and a little tug, a buzz and its over.I think the real problem is that society cares more about their own feelings than the feelings of the condemned.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Years ago, I had a minor surgery done. they numbed my hand, put an IV in it, and then put me to sleep. I felt no pain at all.We could easily give someone whatever drug they gave me or something similar, and then kill them by any "clean" method while they're asleep. Hell, a large enough dose of an anesthetic would probably do the trick painlessly and cleanly.I actually prefer brutal methods for executing people though. Use the crown of grenades. If we're going to allow the state to kill someone, I don't want to pretend like it's not nasty just because there isn't any blood.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
The people making the decisions wouldn't be the one cleaning up the blood or performing the execution though sadly. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Why can't we hire people who aren't phased by these things to clean up? I mean there are professional crime scene cleaners aren't there?	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
For lethal injection, they use three drugs, the first of which is a pain killer. The problem is that these are administered by prison guards, who often give incorrect doseages, leading to some cases of excruciating prolonged pain.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
 administered by prison guards, who often give incorrect dosagesIt's not just that. These people are so untrained that there are numerous documented cases where they had to delay an execution for hours because they had trouble sticking the needle into a suitable vein or where they went all the way through a vein, and even one case where they stuck it into an artery by mistake. If they inject the cocktail incorrectly, which would have happened if these mistakes hadn't been noticed (and I suspect that occasionally they aren't), you're in for a slow and miserable death. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
  We could easily give someone whatever drug they gave me or something similar, and then kill them by any "clean" method while they're asleep. Hell, a large enough dose of an anesthetic would probably do the trick painlessly and cleanly.Anyone know if the costs for that be higher or lower than typical drugs used for lethal injection? What about availability? I recall Texas and Ohio coming under fire for using cocktails of random or unauthorized drugs; can't remember if it was for lack of other drugs' availability, skimping on costs, legality, or other. Then again, I guess if you're carrying out capital punishment and the end result will be no more expense on that person's life.. The cost of the drug to get you there should be trivial, even if it's "pricey" because it will ultimately save money. That felt awful just typing that, but there's nothing glamorous about capital punishment.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
They switched to different drugs because the previous cocktail could no longer be imported for the purposes of killing people.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I agree with almost all of this. I think there are clean and palatable methods.1) [Exit bags](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suicide_bag). Painless, no mess, cheap as free. No one talks about it, maybe because they think we'd get more suicides instead of painless and clean suicides.2) The [orally](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7BVLSC7YF4) [administered](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-_uEmdmSsY) methods used for assisted suicides by Dignitas and other organizations. It's cheap, yet a billionaire chose this way out. Is this too *nice* for capital punishment?	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
This is a pretty good point. I'd agree that the main reason we use the methods we use is because they're "clean". Using other methods would most likely be more humane. On top of that doing it other ways would be way more cost efficient. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
No, it's not. There is exactly zero benefit to a death penalty being "palatable". If you use your democratic system to vote for people who wants to *kill their citizens for sport*, then you'd damn well look at the gruesomeness of the state that you've created. "But capital punishment isn't killing for sport, it's justice!" No, it's not. There is literally no benefit to capital punishment apart from sick amusement when compared to life imprisonment without parole. It is trivial to build a prison that is impossible to escape from. It is cheaper to keep someone locked up than to have a trial for death penalty under any semblance of judicial fairness, and it is trivial to make life in prison as painful and boring as any quick death - not even vengeance for its own sake is a good reason to have capital punishment. The literally only reason to ever institute capital punishment in a first world country is that you like watching people die. And if so, the least you can do is to own that shit. And since how sanitary the death penalty *looks* is not a concern, there are loads of humane execution methods. A helmet made out of C4 will kill instantly. A guillotine is  impossible to botch if the blade is heavy enough. However, the head might conceivably be alive for some short moment, which would be frightening and painful, so I propose a guillotine with a block instead of a blade. The block weighs something on the order of 50 tons, and is dropped - free falling - from a height of 10 meters on to the head of a prone prisoner. It would crush his head instantly (or near enough), extinguishing consciousness as fast as possible. Since the block crushed instead of cutting, it doesn't have to be aligned properly, and as such doesn't need to be guided by anything analogous to the wooden parts of a guillotine - hence it can't get stuck anywhere and hence can't perform a half decapitation or something. Further, since the blocks weight is so exaggerated, it will kill purely by force of gravity. Hence, the only way it can fail is if the dropping mechanism fails (in which case the prisoner could be retrieved for a second go) or if gravity stops working (which doesn't seem likely). 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Best way would be to slowly suffocate in laughing gas. You'd pass out in a delious happy stupor and then die when you are unconscious. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
  Or we could do a guillotine where instead of a bladeIn practice, regular guillotines are extremely fast and reliable. They're still too "messy" as you state. Even a firing squad is pretty reliable. As you say, the methods chosen aren't about reducing pain for the convict, but making the executioner feel better.Though I would point out that most prisoners would strongly object to your proposed methods (and beheading) as it would mutilate their bodies. Given the choice of methods, most prisoners would probably choose lethal injection or firing squad (mainly because the firing squad is seen as being an "dignified" method of execution). 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Nitrous oxide asphyxiation. You get pleasantly high, at ease. A few seconds later, passout, and cleanly, quickly painlessly, and cheaply, die from the lack of oxygen.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
That is an interesting idea. Sadly it's not used today. Would the individual suffer if they tried to fight against it, as with the current system?	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
If the human body is asphyxiated without Co2, they do not feel put of breath. They just fade away.IMO pure nitrogen asphyxiation is the way to go.Cheap, painless, easy, peaceful.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
And safe also, since escaped nitrogen rejoins the 78% nitrogen already in room air. This is the way to go, and I don't see any downside at all.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I don't think nitrous oxide is what you think is is	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
he was responding to "If the human body is asphyxiated without Co2, they do not feel put of breath. They just fade away.IMO pure nitrogen asphyxiation is the way to go."not nitrous oxide.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
That's what I meant. Thanks for the clarification. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
There's a great Frontline about using helium as a suicide device, if you wanted some perspective of a similar approach.http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/suicide-plan/	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
With everyone talking about there being a helium shortage, though, I suspect this wouldn't be the ideal gas to use when there are other, more accessible options with generally the same effect. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
There is no shortage, the reserves are low since helium has not been produced in 50 years or so	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Put the person in a chamber with a set humidity and temperature, and the regular oxygen (about 20%) nitrogen (about 80%) air mix. Keeping humidity and temperature steady, start replacing the oxygen with nitrogen over the course of a couple minutes. The person notices no change in his environment, but passes out, and brain stem death is 100% assured within maybe ten minutes of a pure nitrogen atmosphere.The feeling of suffocation is not caused by lack of oxygen, but by a buildup of carbon dioxide. Breathing nitrogen does not result in a buildup of carbon dioxide, since it still gets exhaled, so there will be no feeling of suffocation. A lot of people have died due to accidental nitrogen asphyxiation because they didn't realize they were suffocating. The problem with drug-based execution is that no doctors want to be involved, creating a problem of competent delivery. Running a nitrogen asphyxiation requires no real skill, and the HVAC people necessary to set it up don't take the Hippocratic Oath. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
This method is not reliable. There are documented cases of people surviving this type of asphyxiation after very long exposure (over an hour). This creates the messy situation of "almost" killing a prisoner, rendering them "brain dead" but not completely dead. So the procedure has to be done multiple times. Making execution quasi-medical is a problem because actual doctors (and all medical staff) refuse to be involved. This means, by definition, these methods will be used by incompetent staff. Stuff like hanging, beheading, and shooting is a lot harder to screw up. ISIS even has little kids doing it. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I have spent time doing research in anesthesiology at one point in my life. We were improving the pharmocology of drugs used for anesthetics for full heart/lung replacements. Our subjects would go under almost immediately, and they'd be so far under, that the surgeons could then do a full double lung and heart replacement procedure. Now, I think it goes without saying that when you take out a person's heart and lungs, they're more or less effectively dead. Our patients routinely did not feel pain or discomfort. And the tipping point from under sedation to dead isn't a wide area. Honestly, we have the drugs to kill people quite painlessly and frankly, nearly instantly. Why they aren't using modern anesthetics is a mystery to me. My guess is the drug companies don't want the same drugs used in putting people down as they use in operating rooms for marketing reasons. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
It's hard to have this debate without getting in to the morality of the death penalty.  The reason is that one could argue that state-sponsored execution are inherently inhumane.  That's one end of the spectrum.  The other end is to argue that it's humane for the prisoner to suffer at least as much as their victims did.It's sort of like the rules of war - "it's ok to use bullets, but not gas".  "You can carpet bomb a city, but not a tent with a red cross".Bringing morality or humaneness into either situation borders on the absurd.Our sentencing is more or less predicated on the idea that murder is the highest offense.  Torture would receive a shorter sentence.  Therefore, once we've decided that it's ok for the state to kill someone - ending their life and potential forever - it's pretty absurd to say, "but not if it hurts them a little".It's not really a question of gas vs. injection.  As long as there is no gratuitous suffering, does it really matter? 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
 It's hard to have this debate without getting in to the morality of the death penaltyI actually agree with this, I just don't want it to be the main argument being held here It's not really a question of gas vs. injection. As long as there is no gratuitous suffering, does it really matter?The problem is in many cases there are gratuitous suffering. According to this [site](http://deathpenalthy.info.org/executions-year) 39 people were executed last year, and based off of the botched execution link above, 3 were botched. That's 8% of executions, a number that, in my opinion, isn't exactly great. That doesn't take into account that when it is botched the pain they feel is immense. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
That's cheating a bit with your statistics.  If you'd picked 2013, 2012 or 2011, you'd have zero percent, since there were no botched executions.Also, in the first case, it wasn't botched - they just didn't like the procedure that was following.The second one was a shitstorm, no doubt.In the third, there's no proof that the inmate was aware of any pain, it could have just been their body reacting.In any case, I should have been clearer in how I meant gratuitous - not without pain, but not without more pain than is needed.  By your rules, we need to assume that the death penalty is humane.  Granted that, why does it need to be completely painless?  We're already granting that murder can be humane, but somehow only painless murder is ok?Moreover, if the method that millions choose to use on their beloved pets is inhumane to use on humans, does that make it an inhumane way to put your pet to sleep?  How are they different? 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
You are correct the year I used had botched executions, the problem is I'm sure there were botched executions on years that weren't listed. This is the only article I found, but it claims to only list some of the executions. I could be wrong thoughThis is a pretty good argument though. I would argue that the potential pain these individuals can potentially face is extreme. I would not be as opposed if the pain they might experience would be much lessAnimals are a different story though. They are already treated differently then humans (whether right or wrong).	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Animals are treated differently - but in this case it's the opposite of what you're arguing.  Pet owners would do almost anything to prevent their pets from suffering.  If you asked pet owners whether they care more about whether their pet or a death row inmate suffers at their death, I suspect 90% would care more about the pet.For that matter, a significant number would choose their pet over an innocent child they didn't know.My point is that people wouldn't euthanize their pets through lethal injection if they didn't think that it was the most human option - not most humane for pets, but for anyone.  This, despite the fact that there are botched euthanizations as well.Lethal injection was also the method of choice of Jack Kevorkian in his "Physician-assisted suicides".  Clearly, it's used by those who are trying to be as merciful as possible.Again, if we're granting that the death penalty is moral, using the method those those would use to end their own life, or that of their beloved pet, seems to clearly fall within the bounds of humane.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I would concede that lethal injection would most likely be humane if the way in which it was carried out was improved. The current methods used on humans are actually less [effective](http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/all-dogs-go-heaven/201112/animal-euthanasia-and-capital-punishment-some-uncomfortable-compariso) then those used on animals. Different medications are used despite the advice given by medical professionals. As I learned from /u/stratys3 the government also tends to use medications that are less effective due to restrictions placed on them by pharmaceuticals.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Firing squad?Surely with enough shooters, and changing the aim from the body to the head, we can get some nearly perfect executions.None of the listed botched executions that i could find had any mention to firing squads.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
There are two issues I have with the firing squad. The first is that they can and have missed. In this case the prisoner is just left to sit there and die. Even when they do hit the heart (which is marked and identified by a doctor), the prisoner still is in pain and only dies from shock and blood loss. The other issue is less for the prisoner and more for those committing the act. Only one blank is given out, so odds are your going to be shooting the guy. This brings up some long term mental and emotional issues for those doing this killing. This argument isn't really as concerning or relevant though though.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I agree, unless we were to set the rules for the shots to be aimed at the head, i can see this missing.Too bad we dont have the guillotine as an approved method... I cant think of a reason the guillotine wouldnt work!	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Even with shots to the head I'd feel that you would need to stand really close to the victim to be accurate. When shooting the head it needs to be done very precisely as to kill certain parts of the brain, rather then just causing brain damage. It's why there are many suicide attempts that don't go quite as planned. I actually couldn't find anything going against the guillotine. There are plenty of reasons to not use axes, swords etc..., but besides improper assembly there weren't many issues. It's not considered a legal way to execute someone though	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
haha i know, i didnt want to break the rules as you do say current approved ways.But dang, the guillotine would be great! Except the whole decapitating someone... part	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Get a big gun, that's mounted and aimed for 100% accuracy. Hell, get 10 of them, just to make sure. Get 10+ people to press the red "FIRE!" button at the same time.Problem solved.The point is: You can create a mechanical system that effectively guarantees instantaneous death.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I mean of course that would be ideal, but actually carrying that out is the thing. There's tons of other factors to be considered there including the state of the body (prisoners do get funerals with family members), cleaning the room, as well as the mental state of the executioners and the witnesses.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I'd get rid of funerals. People who get the death penalty should have their corpses owned by the government.The room would have an automatic sprinkler system that cleans by itself. Alternatively, I'm sure you'd be able to find a few crazies who actually enjoy the cleaning. Either way, not a big deal.As for executioners and witnesses - just like the above - I'm sure you'd find some volunteers that have no objections to it.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Where the body ends up depends on how you view the criminal, which comes back to more where you fall with the death penalty. I believe that the victim and their family should have a right to have a funeralI mean from what I understand the witnesses are very often family members of the criminal as well as the victims family.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
  I'd get rid of funerals. People who get the death penalty should have their corpses owned by the government.This is the definition of "adding insult to injury". The man's dead. It's just being petty to insist on desecrating his corpse. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I had an old coworker who was just recently shot in the head during a robbery. The bullet went into the eye socket and managed to travel down through the neck and off his shoulder. He managed to survive it, too. Bullets can be pretty unpredictable is what I mean to say.Using a pneumatic spike like they do with pigs in a slaughterhouse would likely be a better plan than a firing squad. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captive_bolt_pistolThe ones used for euthanasia. 2 of them, one through each front lobe via some kind of helmet device + suction.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I agree that lethal injections can be inhumane if done incorrectly, but if done correctly it shouldn't really be an issue. I would propose bleeding the condemned out under anesthesia, seems to me like it would be neither cruel nor unusual.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
 if done incorrectlyThat's the biggest problem with lethal injection. There are a lot of factors that come into play when carrying it out. Determining the correct dosage is based off of a number of factors including age, weight, gender. A small error in this can have large consequences. Administering the drug can also go wrong and in many cases the training by the executioner is less the what should be required. The problem is finding a properly trained person that would be willing to be an executioner.  bleeding the condemned out under anesthesiaThis in theory could work and I actually think this is a better idea then our currently lethal injection. Despite this I can see some problems with it. It would be kinda horrific for those watching and the process would be very time consuming and therefore costly. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
You can have drugs that won't "go wrong". Those can be used instead.If the person has no veins, then knock them out using inhaled gas, and then kill them some other way (doesn't really matter how).It's a myth that drugs "don't always work". In high enough doses, it will work, guaranteed (just ask an anesthesiologist). The problem is that the government is restricted into using really shitty drugs, instead of the more effective and reliable and painless ones.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I mean that doesn't eliminate injection in the wrong place, such as muscles, by non-properly changed staff. Is the government really restricted to using shitty drugs? I didn't know that.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Well properly trained staff should do the injecting, obviously. That's not a flaw of lethal injection, but a flaw with the system that could more easily be corrected.As for drugs - yes. Many drug companies will refuse to provide effective drugs to the government for executions. So they have to make do with shitty drugs that may end up torturing people instead... 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I mean but isn't the executioner part of the process. It's a flaw that I don't think can be easily corrected because medical experts will most likely not want to be executioners. That is interesting and I would say that you've changed my view on the drugs used, but the problem is those aren't the drugs being used today. As far as my view on the lethal injection process itself though I feel like that concept has slightly altered my perception. &amp;#8710;	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Thanks for the delta.I think that if you pay experts enough, they'll be willing to do it, to make sure they get a "clean" death instead of a painful and gruelling one. Sure, it's an extra cost, but it already costs an unbelievable amount to execute someone today, and this would be a small addition to that cost - and I don't think it would be unreasonable.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/stratys3. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/stratys3)]^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][[Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeltaBot/)]	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
  It would be kinda horrific for those watching and the process would be very time consuming and therefore costly.Give them a massive dose of warfarin and they'll bleed out internally instead.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
The issue that can and does arise in these cases is that prisoners can be hardcore injecting drug users, and thus their veins can be totally useless.I recall that in one case it took them an hour to find a usable vein using a scalpel and the active assistance of the prisoner himself.  I would propose bleeding the condemned out under anesthesiaI would stop their heart chemically after they've been put under. Anesthesiologists can do that quite simply.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
It may not be so humane, but the guillotine would be the easiest and quickest way out of those methods you mention.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I agree that the guillotine would probably be very effective. There have been no reported problems with this method in the past. The problem is the public view this form of death as gruesome and therefore it is no longer allowed in the United States.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
You could inject them with morphine and then guillotine them.Morphine can kill almost any pain and instant decapitation would only cause a moment's suffering. I find it hard to imagine that you'd even suffer that long because the shock and confusion would pass in a second and then....you're dead.It wouldn't be too messy either, just take care of the blood and the head. If you think i'm a sociopath for writing this then do note that a decapitation is 100% foolproof. Lethal injection is a fucked up way to kill people, there's no guarantee it's painless or not excruciatingly painful, it paralyzes you so there's no way to tell if the condemned feel as if they're drowning or suffocating. If putting down people like pets is supposed to be modern and decapitating them is barbaric then maybe western civilization has outlived it's usefulness.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I completely agree. Decapitation might be a bit messier than necessary though. Just putting them to sleep like for standard medical procedures (except you don't really need to worry about an overdose) and then cutting the throat. No pain, body is still in one piece, can be done above a drain or just thrown in a pig sty for easy cleaning. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Interesting. Ignoring the possibilities of false convictions (which is a real problem) im not too convinced we should be worried about being humane when it comes to executing criminals who have committed heinous crimes.That being said, i do feel it is a waste to simply kill them, and it offers little in return to society as a whole.I would prefer we use a form of lethal injection, or an anesthesia to knock them out then harvest usable organs to save other peoples lives if possible. This of course could open a whole other can of worms but i wish their deaths could be of some usefulness to innocent and sick people in the world.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
This is slightly going to get away from the view I'd like to debate, but I believe the reasoning behind the humane treatment of prisoners is that these are still people and citizens and that our government shouldn't be inflicted pain or unfair treatment upon these individuals.I would actually agree with you that a prisoners organs could best be used to help out those less fortunate. I feel like that would still need to be granted by the prisoners consent. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Sadly i feel that harvesting organs would definitely constitute "unusual punishment" and violate the Bill of Rights.I am not convinced though that simply executing someone would constitute cruel or unusual punishment. I may be wrong but i do not think there is any part of the constitution that mandates we must be humane with how we execute? I could be wrong though.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
 i do not think there is any part of the constitution that mandates we must be humane with how we execute?That's the cruel part of cruel and unusual.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Is it cruel to execute someone convicted of capital crimes? When that law was written executions were certainly carried out by most governments. I guess i would assume the spirit of their words was not an avoidance of executions due to being too cruel?	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I'd argue that the state shouldn't be executing people in the first place, but if we have to execute them, that we have a duty to do it in the most humane way possible, no matter the crime that has been committed.The spirit was (likely) to avoid people being tortured and then killed (drawn &amp; quartered/various medieval punishments) because that has no place in civilized society.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
ryan_m was answering "with how we execute?" not "whether we execute." As to the question of if the constitution mandates whether we execute: No	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
What's wrong with executing them first, and then harvesting their organs 2nd? Once they're dead, they have no rights anyways.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
That's the way I actually would support. This method would need to have prisoner consent though. I feel like this might actually happen in some situations though.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Oh im not saying for me personally. I would have no issue taking every last part of them that was useful to save lives. Im just theorizing what a counter argument would be.When the law was written, the idea of organ transplants was probably not even considered possible. So it could definitely be seen as an unusual form of punishment to kill and harvest.Again, im all for it. You kill someone, we will use your body to save 5 others. Seems fair to me. The only real dilemma would be false convictions would be fucked.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
  The only real dilemma would be false convictions would be fucked.Well if you're gonna execute them anyways, then this actually makes things *better*... because the mistake is now partially offset by the fact that 5 lives were saved.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
 What's wrong with executing them first, and then harvesting their organs 2nd? Once they're dead, they have no rights anyways.The same thing that's wrong with doing that with the corpses of non-convicts.  Once they're dead, the state has no further interest in punishing them, and their next of kin should decide how to deal with their affairs.  The relatives of the convict are not guilty of a crime, and should not be treated as having less say than other relatives because of the crimes of a now dead man.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
1) It's not about punishment, but about restitution, which is a legitimate demand.2) The relatives may get their feelings hurt, but that's irrelevant, since their feelings didn't play a role in the convicts sentencing in the first place, and should have no role to play after the convicts death. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Movements towards more humane forms of punishment were actually based off of the section of the Eight Amendment you just quoted protection against "cruel and unusual punishment". The Supreme Court ruling on Capital Punishment didn't ban it based off of this amendment, but did state that certain procedural aspects must be considered when carrying it out [[1]](http://law.cornell.edu/wex/death_penalty)	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Ah, would they have expected a 100% assertion of a painless death or just as much of an effort to ensure a painless death as possible within reason?I've always felt a firing squad was the most likely to be humane. Lethal injection was a nice "idea" but as you've shown in practice it's proven to be far more complicated. I feel an assurance to a quick and as painless as possible death would be the most humane. There may not be a 100% sure fire way to offer a pain free death, but limiting suffering should be considered, preventing any form of suffering for any amount of time seems a bit harder to accomplish and maybe not what was intended by that ruling?	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
The most reasonable qualifications I believe that we can expect is within within reason, but, in my opinion, it falls short. As I wrote above [[site]](http://deathpenalthy.info.org/executions-year) 39 people were executed last year, and based off of the botched execution link above, 3 were botched. That's 8% of executions.I'd actually agree that firing squad is the "most" humane, but like you said it falls short. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
  im not too convinced we should be worried about being humane when it comes to executing criminals who have committed heinous crimes.What we do and do not do speaks to our principles and who we really are.Can we execute people without concern for them? Of course. *Should* we do so? Probably not. Making decisions where your principles are tested and hold true is important. Do we think some criminals deserve (a painful) death? Of course we do, we're human. *Should* we ignore our principles to satisfy that urge? I think not.My thinking is that if we are going to execute people it is because they are irredeemable. It's like if you have a dangerous animal - you put it down for the safety of all, not because you're trying to punish it.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
What about firing squads a bullet to the heads pretty painless.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
The problems with the firing squad I listed above. It would currently be my personal choice, but you can miss the heart, and even when you hit you die of shock and blood loss	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
True but you could always go point blank.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
It's very messy and difficult to have four people shoot someone at point blank	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Their are ways to fix that	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I would submit that the most humane ways to execute a person have a strong correlation with the methods people use to kill them selves.According to [this list](http://frater.com/suicidelist.html) gun shot, drugs, and hanging are the top three. They do involve some pain and may involve some cleanup but I would submit that an execution need not be perfectly painless or clean for it to be humane. It is more of a sliding scale and am arguing that these methods are most humane because they are the methods people most frequently select for them selves. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Using a list of options selected by people so mentally unstable that they are killing themselves isn't a very sound procedure.I have a mental illness and I go through periods of suicidal ideation. Part of my coping strategy for that was planning my suicide - I wanted one less thing to have to worry about. I did a lot of research. Here's my recipe:1. Use a depressant, like alcohol.1. Put a plastic bag over your head with a reasonable seal.1. Run a pipe from a helium or nitrogen tank into the bag and turn it on.1. Die painlessly.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Would you consider that a humane way to execute those guilty of capital crimes?	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I consider capital punishment to be inhumane by definition.Regardless of whatever physical measures you take to make execution painless, you are only able to mitigate physical pain - what about psychological pain?	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Why do you consider pain to be an evil to be avoided? Merely because the person in paid does not desire it?	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
If I willingly cause another torment, what does that make me?People often don't understand the costs to *themselves* in these cases. It's not just about what happens to the prisoner, it's about what you'll let happen to them in your name.Rotten human beings are still human beings, and they still have all the rights that human beings have - including the most basic right to live. If we hold human life as being valuable as an ethic, then I would consider that rule to be inviolate rather than mutable. The second we consider it mutable we open ourselves to the question of "Which lives are more valuable?". I think we all know that those kind of situations don't end in egalitarianism.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
  If I willingly cause another torment, what does that make me?Are you going to go down that road? There are lots of legitimate suffering you can inflict on another. Parents do this to their children. Coaches to their athletes. Police to criminals when they make arrests.The question shouldn't be about pain but rather if the pain is due to the person for their acts? And if the person assigned to the task has legitimate authority delegated by society or nature.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
How would you be able to enforce suicide in this way? Plus I can't see mass public support for suicide in this way.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I am not supporting suicide as a means of capital punishment. I am only making the argument that we can know what methods are most humane by the rate of use by people for themselves. We could move the argument further by narrowing down the population analyzed by only looking at those who are mentally ill and who are assisted by a physician.My argument is only that whatever these persons find suitable and humane for their end should be considered for that which is humane for the state to use in executions.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I feel like this is hindered because most individuals killing themselves using methods that are avaliable to you. Not everyone has access to guns or drugs. Also the use of electrocution or gas chambers cant be tested because no one has access to these things. Using these methods might be more effective, but would rarely be used because of avalability.  	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Why should the complications be the deciding factor here? Should we label something inhumane if .01% of the procedures go wrong? There's error in everything. Should we ban all elective medical procedures that have had anything go wrong? I'd go with lethal injection because at least there are medical experts trying to get it to go right and using their extensive knowledge of the human body.If you are executed by hanging or firing squad in the US, you chose it. They aren't the primary form of execution in any state.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
The error rate of capital punishment is much higher then .01%. The problem with lethal injections is that very often it isn't medical experts who carry out the execution. You have to consider that well trained doctors and medical experts are unlikely to take a job as an executioner. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I thought it was required that a doctor was present for the execution.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
  You have to consider that well trained doctors and medical experts are unlikely to take a job as an executioner.Any ethical medical board should strike off any doctor that participates in an execution. It is unreservedly against their professional ethics.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Preventing someone who has proven to be a danger to others from hurting others seems to be pretty ethical. To me this is the same as saying any doctor who is willing to kill cancerous cells should be struck off by an ethics board. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Doctors are not part of the judiciary or penal system, their role is to provide medical aid based on need. Killing someone is neither medically necessary nor ethical practice *for a doctor*^(1).IMO, you can either be a doctor or you can be an executioner but you can't be both. The roles are mutually exclusive.Human rights don't stop simply because someone is awful, and the most basic of rights is to live. The test of ethics is not in doing what's right in an easy situation, but doing so in those edge cases when your emotions are telling you to do something to compromise your principles^(2). There will always be those that deserved to live, and those that deserve to die, but if we put ourselves in the role of arbiter of life and death then we are opening an ethical can of worms that is more costly to us than putting prisoners in jail for life.You don't need to kill a person to curtail their risk of recidivism. That is kind of the whole point of prisons in the first place. Additionally, there's the issue that the criminally insane are (usually) not subject to execution - so it's not like there isn't precedent or skill in incarcerating dangerous criminals who would otherwise be executed.---1) What sort of trust would colleagues and patients put in a doctor that intentionally kills people? Hell, would you want to even live next door to that kind of a person? I sure wouldn't.2) America kills completely innocent people every single day as a matter of SOP. It is nothing to use a drone to blow up a gathering of people on the grounds that a target *might* be there. Extra-judicial killings are SOP. This is what happens when you deviate from your principles - that which you decried as evil becomes normal to you.Principles are important because they stop you from becoming the kind of thing you don't want to be. Principles are a safeguard - if we ignore them we are walking into dangerous territory.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I dispute that the role of doctor and executioner are exclusive. If a person has show that they are a threat to those around them removing them is the logical thing. It protects those that deserve protecting. Criminals are routinely stripped of their human rights. As part of the social contract inherent in civilization you are required to respect the rights of others. When you break the law by intruding on the human rights of another person the collective will of the people, the government in this instance, will remove a portion of your rights. Whether that is property, freedom or sometimes life depending on the seriousness of the infraction. This is logical and I hope to live close to people who think this same way. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
  I dispute that the role of doctor and executioner are exclusive. If a person has show that they are a threat to those around them removing them is the logical thing. It protects those that deserve protecting.My point is simple: it is not a doctor's choice to decide who lives and dies based on anything other than medical criteria.The point of being a doctor is to preserve the life of the patient, and reduce pain, not to triage society as a whole (because a compelling argument can be made for killing anyone, up to and including genocide^(1)).The other issue here is that who decides who lives and dies? Executing criminals is a nice emotive decision, but it can be demonstrated to be foolish even without ethics merely using logic: how many people can a criminal kill compared to a burger chain or a tobacco company? If we're going to be neutralizing threats to society then there are way bigger ones than even the most prolific serial killer.  Criminals are routinely stripped of their human rights.No, they are stripped of their *agency*, in much the same way children, mentally ill people, elderly people, etc. are. When the government or other appointed agency or person takes over the agency for an individual, that individual becomes their *responsibility*.We feed, clothe, house, medicate, educate, supervise, etc. prisoners because they are our responsibility, because we as a society deem that necessary as part of the judicial process. They don't stop being human and having human rights, we simply take over the administration of their agency - they don't get to make choices about their lives other than the ones we deem appropriate (because what made them a criminal in the first instance was abuse of their own agency - they freely chose to do wrong).  This is logical and I hope to live close to people who think this same way.I hope that I live close to people that understand that how we treat those we revile and despise is a measure of our own worth and character. Of course we can kill those that we would be better off without, but if we want to be better than those we judge the only way to achieve that is by *not* killing them.---1) Killing all the gypsies is a no-brainer, nerve gassing the entire Middle East, wiping out Africa, giving the Indians blankets with smallpox, gassing the Jews, etc. You get the point.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
The doctor doesn't decide who lives or dies. That is the purpose of a judicial system. I personally believe that we should hold burger joints and tobacco companies responsible for the lives they have ruined (with the provision that there is choice in that matter) in their pursuit of profit. So the answer to your question is pretty simple: the judicial system decides. People that are chosen to represent society as a whole because we can't all stop every time a criminal does something and decided what we are going to do to them. No we are removing their rights. They lose their right to be free. They lose their right to own property. They sometimes lose their right to be alive. Don't try to sugar coat it. When a criminal is punished we remove their rights up to a certain point based on the seriousness of their crime. We are telling them: "what you did was an inhuman act." Some people can't be reasoned with some people just need to be put down. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Asphyxiation due to breathing nitrogen is painless and maybe [even looks a little fun.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpLi67NdD4w)	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Agreed, but this currently isn't the way it's done. I would probably agree that this is a much more effective method. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
You forgot firing squad.  Instant,  inexpensive,  pretty darn impossible to mess up.  A clean shot would kill the person instantly, which is about as "humane" as you're going to get. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
It's a nice thing in society when we think about humane ways to kill our worst humans. The question could be asked: why should we be humane as possible? I mean death by firing squad would work, but there would be a small amount of pain. Why is that small amount of pain the worst thing in the world for a mass murderer?But I would say they aren't all as humane as humanely possible, but they're humane enough (without getting into the whole innocent people being put to death so don't have a death penalty at all argument). We could knock them out with anesthesia then shoot them in the head and heart so they'd feel no pain, but that's a whole to do. If you agree that these people did wrong, I think a slight amount of pain isn't all that upsetting. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
It's not always a slight amount of pain. If you botch lethal injection the pain is supposedly excruciating. If the gas chamber goes wrong the and the patient doesn't pass out he can slowly choke to death, something that isn't exactly painless. Firing squad can lead to an individual sitting in pain while they bleed out. Electrocution can lead to pain without death.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
True, but how much pain did these folks inflict? I'm not saying we torture, but if their execution is botched (which I have to assume is a pretty low rate overall) it's really not the end of western civilization. They should get firing squads. They die quickly. It isn't painless, but it works. Why we have to let people gracefully die on a pillow-ey bed of our thoughts and prayers is beyond me.Personally, I say abolish the death penalty all together and let them live out their days in prison. But if we're gonna kill rapists and murderers, we should do it quickly as possibly but we don't need to treat these people like hero's to go out with dignity and reverence. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
It's pretty easy for an execution to be cheap and painless.[NSFW example](http://i.imgur.com/GDRyh4Z.gif)Personally I'd be a fan of nitrogen asphyxiation	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Sure there is. You could shoot them while they sleep with a .50 BMG in the brain stem. Guns could be automated. The execution could take place on an unspecified date or one the condemned chooses	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
You can't feel pain if you don't have a brain. However that would make a bit of a mess on the floor, walls, and ceiling.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Hanging, if done correctly, is both quick and painless.  It is worth reading about http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_Pierrepoint who executed over 400 people with no fuss.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Of course any of the processes done above, if done correctly, are relatively painless. The problem is that they're not always done properly. In cases where the neck doesn't snap an individual can be left there till asphyxiation.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Opiate overdose. I've done it. It feels great and you pass out and stop breathing. I got hit with narcan so I came out of it. Before I passed out it was the best thing I ever felt. I have no idea why they don't do this. Put that confiscated heroin to use.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
[removed]	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Sorry Enchanted_Bunny, your comment has been removed:   Comment Rule 5\. "No low effort comments. Comments that are only jokes or 'written upvotes', for example. Humor and affirmations of agreement can be contained within more substantial comments." [See the wiki page for more information.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_5)If you would like to appeal, please [message the moderators by clicking this link.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Removed+Comment+Rule+5+Post+Appeal&amp;message=Enchanted_Bunny+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2sbfi7/cmv_there_is_currently_no_humane_form_of_capital/cnowfdv\))	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
The main argument for capital punishment is that some crimes are so horrendous, that the criminal loses his/her right to life. I would argue that the fact that they are receiving capital punishment, confirms that these people don't deserve to be treated humanely. No whether that is true is debatable.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
It doesn't matter what you *feel* about it though.  We've all agreed (in terms of the modern social contract) this type of justice should be carried out swiftly, cleanly, and outside public spectacle.  Much of history demonstrates why we prefer this to the alternative.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I mean this would go back to debating whether or not capital punishment is just, which isn't really the opinion I wanted to talk about. As I replied below though I believe the reasoning behind the humane treatment of prisoners is that these are still people and citizens and that our government shouldn't be inflicted pain or unfair treatment upon these individuals.	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
Have you found any more humane alternative than the ones you are criticizing?	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
I mean I don't support capital punishment, but that isn't what I'm trying to have my view changed though. We currently use these methods of capital punishment and they are supposed to follow a guideline that states that they're humane. I want someone to try to convince me that the methods we currently as of (1/13/15) follow this requirement, or change the way in which I view humane. 	There is currently no human form of Death Penalty
It costs far more to sentence someone to death than to simply imprison them for life.  No, really, it does.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Maybe this is what needs to be changed?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
So reduce the appeals process?  I don't like that either.  The costs are because we spend more time making sure the person deserves the death sentence. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
They answer is always the same. There *will* be mistakes, there *will* be intentional wrongdoings.While it is horrible when individuals commit heinous crime, it is to a whole new level when the state itself commits them.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
What do you get from other people suffering? Should we just say "you life was terrible and you made a terrible decision so rot for 40 years or die now". What if we taught them how to be normal human beings, instead of making them sit for 20 years so they can Kill or rape again once they get out. We are not In 1400s, Death and suffering isn't the answer to everything. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I am not saying people should not be educated for being part of a civilised society. Conversely, we have to take it very seriously, because proper education is key to public safety. I am talking about those people who neglect our efforts on deterring them from violent activity. How else can we educate them? There is no point on spending more money on them. It is appropiate from all perspectives starting from economical to moral view. Most of the criminals such as Breivik are aware of being left alive whatsoever no matter how savage is the crime they commit. Then what stops them commiting such autrocities, every single day I see someone mad killing a number of innocent people and kept for ages in jail in an absolutely comfortable and sometimes fashionable environment. That is so unjust towards those who've been the victim of their brutal crimes.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Loss of freedom is more difficult than you think. A free person can't imagine what it's like to be told what to do and when to do it no matter how cushy the surrounding seem.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I feel like I should point out that Norway with its cushy prisons has a much lower crime rate than the United States. In addition, Norway has a recidivism rate of less than 30%. In fact Norways most comfortable prison, Bastoy(http://www.guardian.co.uk/society/2013/feb/25/norwegian-prison-inmates-treated-like-people), has the lowest recidivism rate in Europe.Preventing crime is better than punishing crime.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
There is no way there can be absolute 100% burden of proof. This has been proven in cases where the court had belived there to be 100% burden of proof and which were later found to be false.There will always be false convictions and people prosecuted when they are innocent. People will die who are innocent due to simply being in the wrong place at the wrong time. There are many many cases of people wrongly convicted of crimes and then later found to be innocent. If they had received the death sentence there is no chance to correct it.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It's one thing to read about how innocent people convicted of crimes are exonerated after serving time on death row, then become wealthy after receiving a large settlement.  It's something altogether different to read about someone on death row, who was executed.  Here is that story.It is believed by many that Cameron Todd Willingham was an innocent man, who was convicted of setting fire to his house, killing his 2-year old daughter and 1-year old twin daughters. He always maintained his innocence and refused the opportunity to plead guilty in exchange for life sentence.He was executed in Texas.  [Here](http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2009/09/07/090907fa_fact_grann?currentPage=all) is the article from the New Yorker that explains his case and the reason that many think he was totally innocent when executed.  This article started me down the path of believing that the state should not be executing anyone because of the potential for injustice.The [Innocence Project](http://www.innocenceproject.org/) has currently got 307 people exonerated from substantial life-destroying sentences.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Whose 100% facts? Not everyone would be able to witness or attest to every aspect of the case so you would be forced to *trust* some individual's statements. You do not have to look very far in order to find proof that any form of power can and will be abused. It is arguably a harsher punishment to force a criminal to adhere to the same routine, knowing nothing will ever really change, than it is to preemptively terminate their existence. No one thrives inside never ending concrete walls.Fiscally speaking it is cheaper to incarcerate someone for life than it is to enforce capital punishment. Once a guilty verdict is handed down to even the most vile of people, it takes years and many more hearings before the plunger is pushed or the lever pulled.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
There are a bunch of things wrong with this.  First, extremist is extremely vague, which counts you as an extremist, so maybe you should qualify that.  Rape, by itself does not deprive anyone of life, aside from which it is also an increasingly vague term, so does not justify depriving the perpetrator of life.  Killing someone in a "crime of passion" is horrible, but *possibly* excusable, though they should still be punished, whereas premeditated murder certainly qualifies for a death penalty, but the problem is determining it.  Mass Murder and Serial Murder seem generally to denote premeditation and could thus be more provable, though our justices system(s) is(are) far from perfect.Let's say, hypothetically, you were falsely convicted of one of those crimes just after this was approved.  Would you still hold this opinion?  If so, you are an idiot, if not, you are a hypocrite, because it is certain there are people right now that are falsely convicted.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I notice that you include mass murderers and rapist but not regular murderers, why? What kind of rapists should get the death penalty? Should the 19 year old who had sex with a 16 year old and was convicted of statutory rape be executed? What is your definition of extremists? Do these extremists have to have commited a crime other than being extreme to be murdered by the state? Serial killers, mass murderers, and perhaps extremists if by that word you mean those who have committed acts of terror all seem to have committed homicide or homicides why are rapists included in this category? If rapists whos sentencing is on average 11.8 years are deemed worthy of execution are other criminals whos sentences exceed 11.8 years also to be executed? why or why not?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You cannot conclusively prove that somebody is guilty, innocent people will always be convicted. If you're given life in prison you at least can be taken out of your sentence early if proven innocent. With capital punishment... not so much.The FUNDMENTAL flaw in capital punishment is it's irreversibility. And if you have any insight to what the life sentence is like there's really no reason to go beyond it. I see capital punishment as an emotional fit of revenge rather than justice.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
How is time spent in jail not irreversible? You can't give people back years of their life	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
True but at least people can live a life afterwards, normally with some form of reimbursement that says 'sorry we fucked up'. Not nearly perfect but better than figuring out the guy that we just killed was innocent.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Typically they are given freedom and reimbursed. Sure it can't fix everything but it's a lot better than the alternative	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
What's the difference, in the end, between revenge and justice?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Real justice is in rehabilitation, not punishment. If you can guarantee 100% that he will never commit murder again I say let the murdered go free. Otherwise It's not justice it's revenge. I wouldn't say this is a soft sentence either because you are removing his freedom to be the person he was.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
There are more conceptions of justice than retribution.For example, Restorative or Reparative justice focuses on the needs of the victim and encourages both victim and offender participation in healing wounds.In addition, deterence, incapacitation and rehabilitation are all conceptions of justice distinct from retribution, which I agree is nothing more than revenge.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
There are a couple of reasons that I oppose capital punishment in the context of ordinary crime (as opposed to things of larger scope, like genocide):1. The system is very flawed and demonstrably biased against the poor and minorities. As other posters have mentioned, there are innocent men who have spent time on death row. VA did a study of physical evidence collected in serious crimes (rape and murder) for which they had a conviction prior to the invention of DNA typing techniques. When they ran DNA tests, they found that 20-25% of the people convicted, who had mostly served 20-30 year sentences, were factually innocent, excluded by DNA, could not have done it. Nationally estimates of wrong conviction are around 10%. Poor and/or minority defendants are at higher risk for wrongful conviction. Essentially, the justice system railroads vulnerable people in about 1 in 10 cases. Considering the number incarcerated in this country, there are hundreds of thousands of innocent people in jail. As mentioned, this cannot be corrected, ever, if those convicted are killed. It is also a sure bet that not all or even most of those who are innocent get exonerated. 2. The state should not be in the business of killing its citizens. Giving the power of life and death to every two-bit prosecutor in Alabama is a really dangerous precedent. Because if the state has the legal power to kill *them* then the state also may have the legal power to kill *you*. Especially when that power is, at times, vested in some really corrupt and venal people. I find it so weird that people who don't trust the government to get welfare right trust it to get criminal justice right.3. Capital punishment does real and permanent damage to those who are involved in the process of carrying it out. If you can witness an execution and cheer, you scare the shit out of me. George Orwell wrote "A Hanging" about his experience with this. Think about the guards who have seen a man on a daily basis for 20 years, gotten to know him, and then who walk him down a hall, strap him down, and kill him. It's beyond creepy. Edit: formatting	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
For a last incentive, capital punishment is a bad one. [Research to date appears to be inconclusive](http://www.nationaljournal.com/politics/does-the-death-penalty-deter-crime-studies-are-inconclusive-20120418) on whether it actually deters any crime.As to cruel and unusual: punishment is inherently cruel (as authorized retribution), however in the United States capital punishment is not unusual.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I see capital punishment as an easy way out. Rather than being forced to live the rest of your life in a small cell, eating shitty food and generally losing out on all of the opportunities and privileges you have in your life, you are instead put to death in a relatively painless and humane manner (much unlike the way your victims likely met their demise). Personally, I would prefer to be put to death than have to suffer through knowing that the world is drastically changing everyday, everywhere except in the prison you're incarcerated in.As far as it being a deterrent to committing heinous crimes, I think that people commit murder not because they know they won't be subjected to capital punishment should they be caught, but because they legitimately believe they can get away with it. If I were inclined to murder someone, I probably wouldn't concern myself with the possible consequences.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
For me it is simpler. You just have to ask the question is it ok to kill or not?If it is then the killer shouldn't be punished. If it isn't then the default position should be you don't kill anyone. (Considering euthanasia and self defence separately)The message should be clear; any unavoidable killing is unnecessarily cruel.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Everyone seems to be bringing up the important point, which is that the data shows that capital punishment doesn't have any deterring factor. So I'll bring up another. The State should never have the ability to execute it's civilians. It's something they learned the hard way in Europe, and that's why they don't have capital punishment. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It really depends upon what you mean by "viable punishment" and "ultimate incentive."Would you be convinced otherwise if you saw credible data that...* Indicated that capital punishment is a much greater tax burden than life imprisonment?* Indicated that capital punishment required costly courts, judges, departments of review and appeal that wouldn't be needed if capital punishment were not permitted?* Indicated that capital punishment appears to have no measurable deterrent effect on the rates of commission of capital crimes?* Indicated that multiple prisoners have been wrongfully executed, that is executed as a punishment for crimes they did not commit?* Indicated that the countries with the lowest violent crime rates are those that do not have capital punishment?Because I can do any of those (and there are more options), but each is a long ride. Take your pick.EDIT: forgot a few adjectives	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The question is if the goal is to punish, or rehabilitate. Why kill someone who can be helped, and will not commit further atrocities? If it's to stop further atrocities (i.e. kill a psycho that cannot be rehabilitated, so that they cannot go on a murderous rampage once more), we can discuss that separately.On the other hand, if the goal is to punish and deter, wouldn't horrible, toe-curling torture be much more effective?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The prison system is not in the business of rehabilitating.  Most prisoners leave prison a more informed criminal. That's why recidivism rates are so high.I could also point out that drugs are readily available in prisons, so even drug users aren't forced to get clean.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
likewise, it could be pointed out that "psycho" is not a synonym for "kills lots of people". 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
But it could be an adjective for someone who kills a lot of people.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I think your grasping for "murderer" there.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
A simple search of a dictionary will tell you I'm not "grasping" for anything. Instead, I'm telling you what is.Edit: for clarification, murderer is the noun, psycho is an adjective that could describe some murderers.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Why not just go for life in prison?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Playing devil's advocate here, but presumably because what they have done is so heinous that they have lost the right to even live any longer, are too dangerous to hold and are beyond rehabilitation.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Heres a question: If someone has lost their right to live does that mean we are obliged to kill them?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
No, which would be why the second and third conditions are there, though I amend the latter to "reasonably beyond rehabilitation" which would be dependent on situational circumstances.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Consider, if you will, the case of the innocent convict.  This is by no stretch of the imagination a common occurrence but it has happened enough to be an issue (though it would qualify as an issue after only a single instance).  To have your liberty stripped from you and be relegated to the lowest echelons of society is no easy thing to bear, but prison is not the worst thing a man can suffer.  It's the effect of being falsely convicted of a crime, particularly those involving truly evil acts like the rape/torture and murder of children, on my family that would break me.  People are not rational when emotions are involved and the sins of fathers fall heavy on the shoulders of sons.  Too have your family tirelessly fight for your freedom, potentially for decades, putting their lives on hold for you... words fail me.  Or to prove your innocence after your execution, the thought of this would be unbearable, If I were sitting on the chair in my final seconds would I confess regardless of guilt?  Let my family believe I had wasted 20 years of there life on my cause to save them the next 10 it would take to prove my innocence.  They would hate me and I would live only in infamy and not in their hearts.  But they would be free to live there lives again and whatever the outcome I would be dead.  How long have thoughts like these consumed the minds of men in 6x9 cells while the man in the cell over can smile that he will be spending much less time in solitary confinement that he deserves to be.But the true injustice would be to have your family turn on you after the sentence, to live until death with your son saying you "went for a pack of cigarettes" before you were born and he'd never met you or your daughter be glad you can never walk her down the isle or your wife drink herself to death thinking she had given birth to the children of a monster.  At the end it would be a relief would it not, an injection and a release from the hell you occupy.  To leave a man wishing for death having his loved ones hate him is an evil that should not be considered an acceptable possibility.  Does this possible evil outweigh the humane killing of an evil man? It's not for the guilty that capitol punishment should be rethought but for the innocent and their loved ones, not just those of the innocent's loved ones but the guilty's as well,  no parent should have to bury their children regardless of circumstance.As a society we should put phantom innocent men ahead of real evil men of the high chance that there is at least one innocent man on death row.  Some of the guilty will prefer to be executed and others will prefer to live in a cell until they die but to tailor a sentence to inflict maximal suffering pretty much defines cruel and unusual punishment, so for the maximal chance for innocent men to get their life returned to them guilty capital punishment need to be revised.I think in the end it comes down to what we know down to our core to be right (innocent men should not be punished) versus what we can rationalise to be right (the killing of killers).  I wont begrudge anyone who wishes the killer of their loved ones be killed in return, it's no ones place to tell the grieving what to feel but I don't wish to dwell on the thoughts of the what it must be like to discover the person killed for killing your little girl was innocent and their family is now going through what you went through, and that the real killer has gone on to live their life.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I am against capital punishment for a few reasons. for one thing, as a moral, political principle, capital punishment is something that I am not willing to give the state the right to do to its citizens, and to decide when and why it is proper. drawing the line to determine at what point its viable or not is too difficult to do without a degree of reasonable doubt that wouldn't compromise the institution itself, and as a libertarian, I don't want the state to have the right to draw that line.for another, I think its purpose and effect are simply too backward. the criminal justice system ought to function to *prevent* crime by eliminating the social conditions out of which it arises. that means education, economic opportunity, and rehabilitation of current criminals. punishment alone shouldn't be a goal. it only leads to the recurrence of crime, as statistics show. so, my thoughts on capital punishment reflect my beliefs concerning criminal justice as whole, and capital punishment, to me, represents the worst the system is capable of. we teach to not murder with murder? it goes beyond "an eye for an eye makes the whole world go blind". the only other countries who execute citizens on the scale we do all have fundamentalist religious aspects to its society or have totalitarian strains that define the society (i.e., Pakistan, China, etc.) we're supposed to be a free democracy, right? other democracies, like in Europe, focus on rehabilitation rather than punishment, much less capital punishment.just think about it. we're virtually the only country who executes minors. and our crime rates don't do any better for it. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
While statistics have failed to show that capital punishment incentivizes people to commit bad actions more than life in prison, there are additional moral and philosophical problems with condemning someone to death, even the guilty. Because I assert that libertarian free will (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libertarianism_(metaphysics)) is impossible, killing someone for an action that they have done is extraordinarily abrasive to me, and should be to others. Imagine all of the factors that cause someone to do what they do: the billions of neurons in the brain, the infinite amount of environmental and biological factors that affect people throughout their lives. Taking into account these factors (of which we can only notice the smallest of fractions), to assign moral responsibility in the traditional sense is morally irrehensible. Take a murderer for example. Would it matter to you that this person had a tumor in their brain that was causing them to commit aggressive acts? Why is that different than the 'normal' causal mechanisms of the brain? Even if you are religious and believe in a soul, we wouldn't have been able to "choose" the soul that we have, and therefore how is it ethical that people be killed for an action that they committed at a certain time? Because libertarian free will is false, prison systems should be set up ONLY for basis of rehabilitation and incentive, and not for any type of moral retributive purpose. Because the evidence suggests that the incentive difference between life in prison and death are negligible, there is no reason for capital punishment, and indeed capital punishment should be considered an immoral act. For more on this position, I recommend Sam Harris's book: Free Will.EDIT: Accidentally a word.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
1  There are numerous cases of exoneration of people sitting on death row.2  I have spent time in jail, and let me tell you that sincerely if I was given a murder conviction, I would beg for the death penalty, it is far more punishing to sit in prison for 40, 50, 60, who knows how many years than to know I'm outta here soon whether its a body bag or not.3  This is the one you should pay the most attention to. NO one EVER commits a crime with the intention of being caught. It doesn't matter if just possesing drugs means death (see SE Asian countries) they still do it because they are not the ones who are going to get caught. So it goes to your main point of it being the ultimate incentive to not commit crimes, that in all actuality they don't even consider the punishments for said crimes.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I like to look at it as not about the convicts subject to capital punishment as much as what it mens for society at large. We can all agree that it is no great moral atrocity to kill people who have committed such heinous crimes as mass murder, (John Wayne Gacy, Timothy McVeigh, Ted Bundy, etc) But we have to ask ourselves what we gain from state sanctioned killings, whether or not the victims deserve death.  At least in the United States, the death penalty is far more expensive than keeping a convict in prison for life, and while in prison they pose no real thereat to society.  So with the current laws, the state is neither saving money nor improving the safety of its citizens.  The consequences are a further appropriation of violence and killing within the culture and in a country with one of the highest rates of violent crime in the developed world, this certainly isn't helping us out.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
There's a lot you can say on the subject.1. Capital punishment as a deterrent: This seems to be your primary point- that it acts as an "incentive" to not commit crime (or in the more common legal parlance, it's a "deterrent" that discourages crime). I would say that the preponderance of evidence suggests that the death penalty does not act as a detterent to crime. Here's an [Amnesty International webpage](http://www.amnestyusa.org/our-work/issues/death-penalty/us-death-penalty-facts/the-death-penalty-and-deterrence) that cites two studies; one surveying criminologists (88% said that the death penalty did not deter crime) and another that shows that murder rates are actually *lower* in states without the death penalty. Even ignoring other countries, the evidence from within the United States indicates that capital punishment does a bad job at preventing murders. (For more evidence, here's a [paper](http://www.dartmouth.edu/~chance/teaching_aids/books_articles/JLpaper.pdf) from Dartmouth that does an OK job at summarizing several other studies). Statistically, the death penalty is not a good way to prevent crime.2. Innocence: The use of capital punishment means that innocent people will die for crimes they did not commit. This is not arguable, this is historic fact. In Canada, there's a saying to the effect that we'd rather see 1000 guilty men walk free before seeing an innocent man hang. Whether or not you agree with the numbers there, it's still difficult to advocate for a system that can easily (and has already) result in the deaths of innocents. Long-term imprisonment has its own problems, but it's easier to exonerate someone from maximum security than from six feet under. As a society, I don't think the deaths of the most heinous criminals are balanced out by the inevitable deaths of innocents.3. The purpose of punishment: The oldest code of justice is *lex talionis*: an eye for an eye. Someone commits a murder, and it seems, if not reasonable, at least understandable that they should die as well. But we don't live in 50 AD any more, and we don't cut off people's hands for stealing. Blind, spiteful revenge isn't an acceptable societal goal, and retribution isn't a part of most penal codes for that reason. In Canada (where I have some small degree of law knowledge; the US is doubtless somewhat different) "punishment" is the absolute last priority when it comes to deciding on a prisoner's sentence. Isn't it more valuable to society to try and rehabilitate and repair a broken member (as most murderers aren't monsters, but human beings faced with terrible situations) instead of simply flushing their life away?4. Murder begets murder: A simple question- what gives us the right to kill? Why do we have the right to inflict on the criminal what they inflicted on another? This is the *lex talionis* thing from another angle; just because they took an eye doesn't give us the right to take one of theirs. This one comes down to personal philosophy, but if you agree with the principle "killing is wrong", I don't think it's fair to append "unless they started it." Murder is murder, whether criminal or state-sanctioned.Capital punishment isn't morally or statistically supportable. It doesn't work as a deterrent, it requires states to commit murder (potentially of innocents) and it's a barbaric solution to a problem that requires more than brute force. It's outdated and a disgusting relic of the past that deserves to be brought down. Hope that CYV, Murray!	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Even if you agree with capital punishment, you must agree that the appeals process which is necessary whenever someone is punished with death is extremely expensive to the tax payer. I also have no moral qualms with eliminating someone who has done something awful, but it costs, A LOT. Tbh the whole prison system needs serious reforms, starting there would help.Further more, I really believe that people who comment this horrible crimes don't really think about the consequences. In fact, I'm fairly certain there is a lot of research that indicate that it isn't a deterrent at all. They're typically sociopaths and psychopaths and usually don't believe they will actually get caught. (Jodi Arias is a good, recent example.)To sum it up: Death sentences are way more expensive so I don't get why anyone would support them. It's not logical.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I've seen people mention that it does not deter crime, but no one had really started why.The reason is that a lot of the criminals in death row committed "crimes of passion," meaning they were of the moment and unplanned.There is absolutely no punishment that will prevent a crime of passion because the criminal does not think about any possible repercussions, they are only thinking about "now."	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
What the state did not give, the state has no right to take away.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I think my issue with capital punishment is the system towards it rather than the execution itself.It's a viable punishment but the system isn't reliable enough to be viable. There's too much of a chance that someone innocent can be executed.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Hopefully with DNA evidence this will become less of a problem than it was years ago.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
DNA evidence is simply another fact about a crime scene.  It is very precise, but it does not, and cannot, assert a person's guilt or innocence.  People can (and do) still lie or mislead or misspeak about the circumstances of the collection or handling or meaning of physical evidence.You could also make the same claim about blood typing, or finger prints, or any other technology used in crime scene analysis.  You could also say it about jury trials, or the defendant's right to legal representation, or any other facet of modern criminal proceedings.All of these things are great advances for society, and make it less likely that we will convict a person of a crime they did not commit, but not impossible.Another great advance is the appeal.  No court is ever 100% correct, and appeals processes were instituted to allow for this.  Many people find capital punishment to be problematic because it is by its nature the only remaining punishment in the western world from which there is no possible appeal.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'm just referring to the fact that every time I hear about the innocence project, they are using DNA evidence to exclude the wrongly accused from the crime.  You are 100% correct but DNA brings us one step closer to being more confident in our verdict.  I understand when there are situations that there is some doubt about the perpetrate but I just feel like there are some cut and dry cases here and there where we can clean house and get em off the payroll.  People who repeatedly convict the same heinous crime to the point where they have erased all doubt about their innocence. Maybe I'm overestimating how many.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The ultimate incentive not to commit crimes is having nothing to gain from them. What good would threatening someone with death do if that person perceives committing a crime as more beneficial than being able to live? Especially if they have little to lose or have a chance to escape? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Counterpoint:It's not clear to me how capital punishment (if performed quickly and painlessly) is less "cruel" than keeping that person in a solitary cage for half a century.  I've seen documentaries about American maximum security prisons, and I would not describe them as "humane".I think that either of the proposed punishments here -- execution or complete social isolation -- is cruel.  If I was facing 50 years alone in a cage, I might think ending my own life would be the less cruel, and I certainly wouldn't be the first.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I agree, some prison conditions are currently not humane and that is a problem we need to address. In addition, I think I should also clarify that I believe life imprisonment should be an absolute last resort, only for the protection of innocent people. Prison shouldn't be complete social isolation either (except in cases where there is truly no other way to keep a person from harming those around them) and can be relatively humane.In addition, I would like to see everyone, both prisoners and the general public, to always have the right to seek doctor-assisted suicide after a sufficient mental health evaluation.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Moreover, it's not clear that the most common means of execution in America -- lethal injection -- is actually done humanely.Euthanasia of a person or pet is done with a simple barbiturate overdose.  The common 3-drug combination used in criminal executions (the "Chapman Protocol") has had many problems associated with it, in the decades since it was developed.  It's not reliable, and not always painless.  Most states don't allow such a combination of drugs for animal euthanasia.In the past 5 years, though, a few states have switched to a single barbiturate overdose for lethal injections.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Has there been research that supports other forms of punishment as incentives?  Should that be the standard to which the laws are held?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I have seen a lot of research on juveniles offenders specifically. Generally, juveniles respond best to family therapy and intensive case management. Harsh penalties and punitive reactions tend to backfire, and actually increase criminal behaviors. I have not read as much research on adult offenders in terms of effectiveness of penalties re crime prevention. I have read, though, about some of the effects of incarceration which are tied to higher rates of recidivism. With that, the harsher the prison environment, the more problems are caused in inmates, and these do not magically disappear upon release. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I will look for the source, but I've read that a pattern of consistent application of minor consequences is far more productive in changing behavior than the looming threat of one super-consequence that rarely, if ever occurs.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It's even harder to get a correct verdict for rape than for other crimes for which we've already realized we've executed innocent people. And why wouldn't the rapist kill the victim/witness if the penalty is the same either way?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Sentences for murder should always be significantly higher than sentences for other crimes, not necessarily from a moral stand-point but from a practical one. If a person were to commit a non violent crime, rape for example the rapist would face the same charges whether the victim was alive or dead and so there is too much incentive for the rapist to kill the victim and dispose of the body for he might not get caught at all, which would surely happen if the rapist let his victim go after the crime.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I wouldn't feel comfortable with that at all. Rape is hard to prove, furthermore, there is a lot of false rape accusations out there, along with ever expanding definitions of what rape actually is. This could create an environment where men would be sent to their death no matter if they're guilty or not. Rape is one of the few crimes where the whole "innocent until proven guilty" thing goes out of the window. It's worth mentioning that I'm against the death penalty in general though.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You're going to turn a lot of rapes into rape-murders.  Think about it:  you've just raped someone, and now you have the opportunity to silence them forever at literally no cost to you, because you face the exact same potential penalty under either crime.  The point of the graduated sentence is to give the rapist an incentive not to become a murderer as well.Obviously murdering someone is no guarantee you'll get away, but dead people can't go to the police and they can't describe what just happened, meaning the police have to use more time, resources and circumstantial evidence (which is fine, just requires more to build up proper inferences) to build their case against you.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'll address this small part here: I believe the death penalty is not about vengeance, but about protecting the public from truly dangerous people whose harm can only be stopped by removing them from the earth.Presumably, you mean "should not be about" vengeance, not "is not about", as I think many death penalty supporting voters do include vengeance in their reasons for their support.Anyway, there are plenty of ways to protect the public from these truly dangerous people. The actual rate of escape of high-security convicts is not high in the United States.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Other people have covered the other major points, but I wanted to note this:  rapists can and will still rape within the walls of a prisonEven if someone is sentenced to death, the appeals process takes years to complete. You wouldn't be preventing much prison rape by sentencing rapists to death instead of imprisonment.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Our current capital punishment system hasn't worked for us so far, so why should we continue it?  We've put too many innocents to death, and the methods of killing the "criminals" aren't even effective in the first place.  What's best is to just give everybody a fair trial, and get solid evidence to lock criminals away for rehabilitation.  Capital punishment is too extreme.  I'd rather take the lesser of two evils and find out we convicted the wrong guy and sent him to jail than find out he's innocent AFTER he's been executed.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
TERRIBLE IDEA!  This encourages the rapist to kill the victim, as he or she would be a potential witness, and the rapist would be executed anyway if he got caught.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
How about we kill less people instead of killing more ?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 There are some seriously sick people out there and I believe that we waste millions upon millions of dollars housing, feed and even educating these people that have willingly taken another human life and sometimes even enjoyed doing soIn the United States, it costs more in court fees and appeals to execute someone than to keep them imprisoned for the rest of their lives.There have also been cases in the United States in which innocent people have been executed. Many more likely innocents are on Death Row (in the United States). 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I think the possibility of convicting and wrongfully executing an innocent person is the best reason for eliminating the death penalty. On the practical side, expense is huge. Knowing that it is more expensive to execute someone than to lock them up forever is a pretty good incentive.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
To add on to your first point, when an innocent is executed the government will often have to pay a very large sum to the family, or the family is not given any compensation for their loss. The expense to society as a whole is greater when you execute people, based on this and also what /u/phdre pointed out.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
What about states like texas that has a "fast track" for capital punishment? You get 3 appeals as the first appeal starts almost immediately after the orgional trial. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Then things like [Cameron Todd Willingham](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cameron_Todd_Willingham) happen.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
That doesn't answer my question. I was asking if the cost of capital punishment was more expensive than a life sentence in all states, or are there states (such as texas) where the opposite is true. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[Yes](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penalty-costs-texas-outweigh-life-imprisonment) it is still more expensive.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
If someone is executed and layer found to be innocent, that's a problem with the court system, not the punishment system. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Except that the death penalty is **final**. That makes it a problem with both the court system and the punishment system. If someone is sentenced to life in prison--and then new evidence gets him released it is a problem with the court system, but not the punishment system.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 Yes, he will be able to live freely a number of years after his release, but that doesn't change the fact that a good chunk of the life he could have lived was "confiscated" (for lack of a better word) by the state, and that the rest of it was irreversibly changed for the worse.Agreed. My point is that a problem with the court system will result in the lives of innocent people being either permanently ruined or ended altogether.Agreed. So the argument that the death penalty should be abolished specifically because its effect is permanent is flawed, because nearly any sentence/punishment will have permanent effects that no innocent person should have to suffer.It will have permanent effects--but living and being exonerated is much better than being dead. Not to mention, killing an innocent person is murder--and I don't want to be a part of murder, the death penalty forces me to fund murder. This puts the burden of responsibility solidly in the field of the court system.Being alive  not being alive. Even with 25 years of their life confiscated--they still get the vindication of being proved innocent.  That doesn't happen if they are murdered.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I don't think I've got my point across. The fact that he was innocent is irrelevant to the conversation at hand as that was an issue with his trial, not with his punishment. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Fine.  If you're going to separate the two, the problem with this punishment is that trials can be so flawed as to convict innocent people.You're making a rather obtuse distinction though.  It doesn't matter if we say it's a problem with a guy's trial or a problem with the death penalty -- you've still got a dead innocent person at the hands of the government.  Is it your argument that this is okay?  That since the death penalty allows us to execute some really horrible people, it's ok if we mess up and execute an innocent person once in a while?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  Fine. If you're going to separate the two, the problem with this punishment is that trials can be so flawed as to convict innocent people.You just reiterated what I'm trying to debunk and didn't separate them at all. Is it your argument that this is okay?There are problems with every system. It's definitely not "okay", but whether or not it is acceptable would depend on how successful the system is found to be. If we execute 500 criminals and one of them ends up being innocent, I think that's acceptable.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Ok.  And a 400-1 ratio would not be acceptable then?You're engaging in a cost-benefit analysis.  The cost is that an innocent person is executed.  The benefit, judging by your OP, is that we get to exact the ultimate revenge on 500 bad people.  How did you come to the number 500?  We're dealing with the immeasurables (or at least incomparables) of human life vs. the psychic benefits of revenge here.This philosophical question is as old as humankind, except that generally the debate is framed in letting innocent and guilty people "go free," not executing guilty and innocent people.  See: http://www2.law.ucla.edu/volokh/guilty.htm	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
500 is a random number I chose to showcase my point. It's not revenge, it's justice. It's what they deserve. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Because they're dead... 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Not necessarily.  In an evidence based system, people wjll sometimes make the wrong conclusion based on a lack of data or a lack of means to tie the data together in a y that represents the truth.  Look at astronomy.  We just recently decided that one of the bodies we used to consider a planet was much more common than we thought, and in fact was something else.  If this were to be compared to the death sentence, we would never have the choice of removing this object from our list of planets.  We had made a decision, and now it is permanent.  In US courts, the system of appeals prevents this finality, even if its many years later.  However, if the defendant is sentenced to death, there is no way for this person to appeal when we discover the four other celestial bodies hidden past our current view.  It isn't a problem with the trial in the sense that they are held responsible, it is a problem with the punishment in the fact that it is permanent, disallowing mistakes in a court from being corrected.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  In an evidence based system, people wjll sometimes make the wrong conclusion based on a lack of data or a lack of means to tie the data togetherIf people are making decisions in an evidence based system without sufficient evidence, then they have another problem, altogether. Innocent until *proven* guilty.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Youre leaving out part of my statement.  We can easily be led to believe that we have all the evidence in a case.  Since the advent of DNA testing, there have been multiple sentences overturned because of new evidence.  Nowadays its so common that nearly any case will use this process.  However, in the court at the time before this process was known to be possible, they thought they had every bit of evidence possible to gather.  The problem is still in the punishment, though.  Court cases can be overturned.  Death cannot.  So when a new process like DNA testing is invented, court cases can be examined and victims of the systems honest mistakes are able to be at least partially made up for.  If we kill the person, this cannot happen.  While it is bad that the court is wrong, the system has said to fix that over time if the person is alive.  If the victim of the incorrect court is dead, there is no way to fix it.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 Innocent until proven guilty.I don't think you're making a reasonable argument.It's absolutely literally impossible to tell whether or not an event occured with total accuracy. Ask a quantum physicist, you can get a very good idea of what happened, but even if you know the structure of the entire universe at this point in time, you can't work back a single nanosecond to find out what things were definitely like then, you can only guess.  If a billion people all testify they saw you kill someone, there's still an incredibly small chance that they're conspiring against you, or they're suffering from mass delusion, or the crime didn't take place but the exact right set of circumstances refracted light to make it appear like it did to all the eyewitnesses. And you *can't* know absolutely whether they're genuinely guilty or whether one of those happenedso in practice it's not "innocent until proven you're not innocent" it's "innocent until proven guilty *beyond reasonable doubt*". If 10 people say you committed a crime, the DNA evidence supports that, that means there's a high chance you did it. There's still a chance you didn't, which means if you're executed, there's a chance an innocent person is being killed. There's no getting round that, and it's not just a problem that the justice system can ignore by compartmentalizing it into a problem with the courts.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
No, but there are times when there is an overwhelming amount of evidence. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
That is a completely uncompelling counterargument, given that the "punishment system" as you call it is simply an extension of the court system.Edit: for further detail,If there's a problem with the "court system" that makes the "punishment system" a problem, then the wrong punishment is being used for the court system. Your argument is essentially: "well, the courts need to be better." It follows, then, that since courts exist in reality and doubt can exist, that if the courts can't be better, then the punishment system needs to be different.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
If the justice system is built in such a way it's impossible to exonerate innocent criminals in their lifetimes, that's a problem with the justice system.We'd all love it if the courts could give 100% accurate verdicts, but that isn't the case and it never, ever will be. It's a problem with the court system that the justice system should accomodate, because it isn't getting solved.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
No, but there are times when there is no doubt about one's guilt. If they're unsure in the slightest, then he shouldn't be given death penalty. But when there is an overwhelming amount of evidence, it's pretty safe to say he /she is guilty and needs to be punished accordingly. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The capital punishment debate is really rooted in the perception that prison should be either used as a punishment or for rehabilitation. I'm firmly in the rehabilitation section so I don't think capital punishment serves much of a purpose. I think, where possible, people in prison should be rehabilitated back into society. Those that cannot should remain in prison.Leaving the beliefs part now you really have to deal with the problem of innocent people being killed by capital punishment. I can see from your post that you abhorre unlawful killings. Do you similarly abhorre an innocent person being killed by capital punishment? With imperfect justice you have to decide effectively how many innocent people you are willing to kill to punish some murderers. Would you let one innocent man be killed to kill 100 murderers? 10? 1? 0?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
In theory, the death sentence is a deterrent to murder. In practice, not really. That's also a very cynical view of people. Not all people convicted of murder are socio/psychopaths.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
"Honey im hom-- who the fuck are you and why are you in bed with my wife?! *beats up other man, accidentally killing him*"Most murders that happen in the 'heat of the moment', like the example above, are not necessarily commited by a socio or psychopath.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
that is called a manslaughter charge.It is considered a lesser offense than murder.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
With a bad lawyer, that guy could easily be convicted of murder 2	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
maybe	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Most people involved in a gang? They joined the gang because they grew up with no one having their back, now they have a group of people to protect them, and have formed a family. Then, these people say (and they aren't lying or being manipulative) that the members of another gang are planning to kill them and/or steal from them, so they're going to launch a preemptive strike. Boom. Now you have a group of first-degree murderers who I wouldn't consider to be sociopaths at all (seeing as they have formed their own sub-society). Lost or  misguided, maybe, but I wouldn't say they're a psychopath or a sociopath	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
While it's always tempting to see bad people like murderers as "different" and "monsters", most murderers actually score normally on tests for psychopathy/sociopathy. Meanwhile many psychopaths/sociopaths go through life without murdering anybody. The prevalence of psychopathy is largely constant, while the crime level fluctuates in response to changes in the environment like rising inequality, political oppression, and even (before the invention of the AC) the heat of the air. To label criminals as insane just because we don't like something they did would render the word meaningless. We actually do this to assure ourselves that *we* are different and we could never do something so callous, so "evil".This is easily discarded by the following thought experiment. Imagine "you" were born as a black person in the worst ghettos of America. Your school is underfunded, your teachers awful, your mother sells food stamps or her body to make the rent. You are offered some money just for standing around outside a warehouse wearing gang colours and looking threatening. Being desperate to get your mother away from dangerous and scary men, and also hoping to go to Goodwill to get some new socks, you take it. Tada, you have unwittingly become a member of a gang and drug smuggling ring. Something that would seem wildly immoral to the real you (I assume!) but circumstance has made it appear to be the best option. Similarly this can lead into selling drugs and even defending your territory with deadly force. All these actions are choices made by people in response to the world around them. To deny this would be to say that poor people (or black people) commit more murders in the US because they are genetically inferior. A view which makes little sense if you look internationally.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Many or possibly most murderers are not psychopaths or sociopaths. They are people with a moral sense who feel that they are carrying out an act of moral justice. These include people who avenge someone else's death, people who defend their own honor or the honor of their tribe/clan, people who use murder as punishment, people who are desperate for enough wealth to survive, and people who feel that their ideology proscribes it for the greater good.All of these are typical outputs of human brain activity and account for probably most murders today and throughout history. Read *The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined* for more about the psychology of violence.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 In practice, not really Go on... 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
That would mean a statistically significant change in murder rate in states that have/had the death penalty. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
And you have what to back this claim? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I told you what it would mean in reality. How you would go about calculating this. Because that is what you asked. I didn't claim anything.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[Source](https://www.dartmouth.edu/~chance/teaching_aids/books_articles/JLpaper.pdf) An early approach consisted of comparing homicide rates in states with and without capital punishment, choosing groups of neighboring states as nearly alike as possible in other respects. Such comparisons were made by Thorsten Sellin for the years from 1920 to 1958...  Still, if deterrence plays a significant role its effect should show upas lower homicide rates in the death penalty states when compared tosimilar, neighboring abolition states. Here are Sellin's conclusions:The data examined reveal that 1. The level of the homicide death rates varies in different groups of states. It is lowest in the New England areas and in the northern states of the middle west and lies somewhat higher in Michigan, Indiana and Ohio. 2. Within each group of states having similar social and economic conditions and populations, it is impossible to distinguish the abolition state from the others. 3. The trends of the homicide death rates of comparable states with or without the death penaltyare similar. The inevitable conclusion is that executions have no discernible effect on homicide death rates which, as we have seen, are regarded as adequate indicators of capital murder rates.Another method is to follow the murder rate in a fixed state or jurisdiction and see what happened when capital punishment was abolished, and, in some cases, when it was reintroduced. Sellin and others did studies of this kind too. These investigations again failed to reveal any additional deterrent effect due to capital punishment.5 Both types of study have been updated by other researchers and the changing practice of executions since 1967 (first a ten-year moratorium, then their resumption) has been taken into account. Theconclusions--no indications of deterrence--remain the same.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
So... Your source is a study that concluded in 1958?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Being old doesnt necessarily make it wrong.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
No, but the world has changed a lot in 40 years...	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Did you even read it? Both types of study have been updated by other researchers and the changing practice of executions since 1967 (first a ten-year moratorium, then their resumption) has been taken into account. The conclusions--no indications of deterrence--remain the same.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
So this is your source?I could have written out "People did research and found that there were no indications of deterrence". Not really a convincing argument.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
For the death penalty to be a deterrent, potential murderers would need to: 1. Know that capital punishment is a possible outcome in the jurisdiction they're committing these acts2. Consider the potential death penalty an unacceptable risk3. Base their actions on the above rational calculationsI don't know that anyone actually thinks like that.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You are right.Most sane, rational people would not do anything that would cause them to be sent into prison for 20 years. That is an eternity. So that's for those considering murdering someone.If you find your wife cheating on you etc, heat in the moment murders: The reason the murder happened was that the murderer didn't think beforehand, the amount of punishment doesn't matter, it could be death by slowly chopping of body parts and flailing his skin.. whatever.And then there's the slight chance that someone might be innocent. And one in 100 000 deathrow candidates would be too much in my opinion, and i suppose there's been many more false convictions.Death is too final.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You don't think people consider the fact that they'll be killed themselves if they kill someone else? Cuz that sounds kinda ridiculous. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I don't know that most people who want to kill someone are thinking rationally, no.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Take this simplified theory:If someone commits a murder in the heat of the moment, their motivation is emotional, they don't have time to rationally consider the consequences.If someone plans to commit a murder they will consider the consequences, but they will also plan to evade them.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Or maybe they won't? If you're looking at it that way, why have any laws at all? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Shouldn't the onus of proof be on the person who is looking to justify putting people to death? We should be looking for proof that the death penalty works rather than looking for proof it doesn't work.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Why? They're both the same thing. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
So you are in the punishment field of thinking? The majority of murders are a crime of passion, not some preplanned murder, so the 'fear' would do nothing in the majority of cases.  I don't think a person, who would murder someone while aware of the risk of them getting killed for it would be able to be rehabilitated into being a constructive member of society anyway.From my post: " I think, where possible, people in prison should be rehabilitated back into society. Those that cannot should remain in prison."Also, what's your opinion on this part of my post then: Leaving the beliefs part now you really have to deal with the problem of innocent people being killed by capital punishment. I can see from your post that you abhorre unlawful killings. Do you similarly abhorre an innocent person being killed by capital punishment? With imperfect justice you have to decide effectively how many innocent people you are willing to kill to punish some murderers. Would you let one innocent man be killed to kill 100 murderers? 10? 1? 0?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  I think though, that this doesn't do any good for anybody. The person affected will only cost money, will never be productive for society, and is nothing but a danger if the person does ever escape.It keeps the public safe from unstable people so it does have a purpose. On the money issue you have both the cost of execution, the rigour (time+money) that is needed and payments to families of wrongly convicted people.  But I think, that it should be mandatory that the murderer is convicted of his crime without any doubts. There can not be a single possibility that the person has not committed the murder.Then you'll execute no one, ever, and it wouldn't serve as a 'deterrent'. You cannot have a justice system that convicts murder without any doubts.  Also, think about the guards/other inmates, who could fall victims to the person. I think the cost of innocent lives is about the same with and without the capital punishment.Are we talking about murdered guards/inmates or just forms of damage? Morally I still find it worse to have chosen a system that kills an innocent person rather than choosing a system that indirectly kills an innocent person who knew the risks and had a choice. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 where you would have to fear for your own life if you murdered someoneDo you think murders are well-planned? Do you think every person who takes a life is Agent 47?No, most by far are accidental or crimes of passion (lost control). People do not evaluate risks well when they consider something like MURDER.Have you read about the Greek tyrant Draco? He saw a utopia where **all** crime was forbidden, and punishable by death. When asked why he did it, he said that "theft deserved death, and murder deserved worse, I simply could not give it". It, too, quite obviously failed.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
We can leave aside the arguments about cost and about humane treatment, and go from a different angle: *I do not grant the State the right to kill its citizens for any reason.* The State is (in a democracy) supposed to act in representation of the body politic. That is to say, what the State does, what actions it takes, are theoretically validated by you and your fellow citizens. Every time the State executes someone, it does so in the name of every other citizen. This is essentially mob-murder by a different name.I am unwilling to lend my sanction to a process that notoriously disfavors the poor and people of color, as well as the ever-present worry of executing the innocent.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Why should they get a quick death?, wouldn't a long prison stay make them realise that they were wrong to commit a crime?Capital punishment isn't really that much of a deterrent when you think about. People who commit these, very serious, crimes are often desperate. So capital punishment, in many cases, doesn't even put someone off committing a crime.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It's not about rehabilitation, it's about retribution. Part of justice is facing a punishment for your crimes.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
An eye for an eye makes us all blind. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
That's one view. It's not the only valid view.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It might be, I've seen very few convincing arguments for pure retribution.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The possible purposes for punishment (say that 5 times fast) are deterrence (a harsh penalty might make someone reconsider committing the same crime), rehabilitation (make the criminal realize they were wrong and that recidivism is a bad idea), retribution (enact a penalty so that the convicted party experiences something similar in magnitude to what the victim experienced), restoration (righting the wrong), and protection (ensuring that the convicted can't hurt anyone else). Right off the bat, restoration can be crossed off the list for the purposes of this discussion; it's impossible to bring a dead person back to life. Deterrence is rarely a benefit in capital cases; everyone already knows that you'll be punished harshly for committing a capital offense. That leaves you with rehabilitation, retribution, and protection. The problem with protection is that, in many cases, true protection might require solitary confinement (people on death row have killed other prisoners), or it might not even be necessary (an 18-year-old who shot up a school to kill his bully might not be a risk to society). Rehabilitation sounds nice, but it's not always possible. Lots of people know that what they did is wrong but simply don't care and would make the same choices again (as a side note, the circumstances leading up to a capital crime are extremely unusual, so even if the convict would make the same choices again, there might not be any valid reason to protect society against the convict). This means that, for a (possibly theoretical) subset of convicts, any sentence will not restore, deter, rehabilitate, or protect. If that is the case, what do you do? Do you just let them go? If so, you're going to have a bunch of people lose faith in the judicial system. If you decide to just imprison them for life instead of executing them, that's fine *but you're still enacting retributive justice*. In this case, the only point of contention is whether or not a government has the right to execute someone for a crime.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Waste of money to keep someone like that in prison for so long. I know it costs more to execute them, but it shouldn't. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 I know it costs more to execute them, but it shouldn't. It needs to--to at least *try* to protect as many innocent people as we can.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
They produce over 80% of the US military's gear, that alone saves millions. And I know they produce a lot of the US's number plates too.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
That is also terrible. The slave industry in the us private prisons is just as despiccable as black african slaves on tobacco plantations.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Apparently 1% of the US is in prison too, it's really ridiculous. I guess that's why they have the three strike rule as well, it allows them to get more 'prisoners' for their machine. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
yup, the more prisoners, the better.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Do you believe in capital punishment in a theoretical sense, for somebody we knew with literal 100% certainty was actually guilty?  Or do you believe in capital punishment realistically implemented with current judicial systems?  Because if you mean the realistic option, I guess I would rather have 100 murderers spend life in prison instead of get the death penalty, than execute 1 innocent man.        Also, is it important to you that they die?  Or is it a matter of saving money that could be used to help other people (others have pointed out that supposedly it costs more to execute somebody than give them life in prison, but lets temporarily pretend that isn't the case)?  If it were cheaper to execute them, and we knew 100% they were guilty, and we could perform several important medical procedures on poor people for the price of keeping them alive in prison, I could see what you are saying.        Or do you think they just need to die as justice (like even if life in prison were magically free)?  In that case, why sink to their level?  I mean once you lock them up and seperate them from society, no more good can be achieved by killing them.  Yeah, perhaps they "deserve" it, but I just like the idea of a society where we avoid killing people whenever possible.        There is one exception I can see.  Say somebody did some horrible raping / torturing on some captive person, and said person survived and the criminal was apprehended.  And we knew with literal 100% certainty that they were in fact guilty.  If the victim wanted to kill them (in a relatively humane execution style way), I think I would let them.  I'm no psychologist, so maybe this is wrong, but I feel like if I were raped and tortured, the only way I could erase the shame and feel like a whole person again would be to kill the person who did it to me.  Maybe with my hand on the button, I could then take mercy on them, and just the opportunity to kill them would be enough, I don't know.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I used to think the same way as you until I moved to Japan.In Japan they have capital punishment.  They also have a ridiculously high rate of conviction (90% or something).  That is pretty scary when you think about it.  Now as a Canadian, we know Canada isn't Japan and our legal system is different.  You cannot however make the claim that our justice system is infallible.  Because of this some innocent people will be executed.  What if that person was you or someone you knew?  The government and courts have enough power, they don't need the power to kill as well. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'm not sure what is scary about the 90% conviction rate. It could be seen as reassuring that the police know when to drop a case which does not have enough evidence to secure a conviction.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Sorry it is actually 99%.  The scary thing about it is that they force a lot of people to confess to crimes they did not commit.  This is bad when coupled with capital punishment.  It also shows that police are too lazy to do any real police work.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Well if that's how they operate then that's definitely scary! 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Can somebody PLEASE explain how executing a prisoner once costs more than housing, feeding, clothing, and providing medical care for that prisoner for the rest of their lives(sometimes upwards of 50 years)? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
lawyers fees from unlimited appeals.In Texas, death row inmates get 3 appeals.That's it.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Perhaps you are viewing this from wrong angle. You should consider cause and effect in any instance of violence. Nobody is born evil or good, these are arbitrary terms that have no value in discussion.And if you do consider cause and effect as part of an equation for all violent acts you'll realise that people who commit violent acts can't be held responsible more than you can blame a feral bear killing other animals for food. Only reason why we have this weird "justice" system is because we are all feral beasts and we want revenge rather than see things rationally. In a way, truth hurts, but ignorance is a bliss.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I am assuming from you're post that you are not necessarily asking all convicted murders should face the death penalty, just those who commit the most horrific crimes. The first point I will make is who decides one murder is worse than another. Murder is the ultimate crime and no murder should be classed as worse than another.  Our legal system and our ethics, tell us that taking someone's life is the single worst thing a human being can do, even religious people will tell you that only the god they believe in has the flight to take a life. This leads me to my second point, we do not use a legal system that is based upon revenge or the notion of an 'eye for an eye'. If the state, in passing laws, concludes that murder is unconditionally unacceptable then how can it justify the taking of a life. I equate it to a parent telling their child that stealing is wrong as they shoplift.   The final argument I will give you against capital punishment is that people are wrongly convicted (I am on a tablet and don't know how to post examples). Once a death sentence has been carried out there is no coming back. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I oppose the death penalty, and I readily concede that some people do deserve to die for things they have done. However, conceding that some people deserve death is a very different thing than the state actually killing them. My own view is that government should not be in the business of killing people because a government that gives itself the power over life and death will (not probably will, but will) use that power wrongly at some point. That is to say that someone innocent will be put to death if you have a death penalty. The people you linked may very well deserve to die, I will concede that. But how many of them, and others like them, would it take to make up for the mistake of executing one innocent person? Ten? A hundred? A thousand? To me there is no number high enough. I'm a political scientist, and one thing I can tell you about governments is that every single one of them screws up. A lot. Some governments are able to realize their own limitations, which is why they choose not to go into the death business, because they know that if you have a death penalty at some point someone innocent WILL die because of it. tl;dr -- governments that have the power to carry out a death penalty WILL inevitably (and probably accidentally) execute innocent people. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You could just let them stew in prison for life instead. Prison's dangerous, they'd be going nuts just trying to survive each day. You say one wrong word and someone'll put a knife in you before the day's out. The prisoner you would want to kill would consequently constantly be on edge as a result - except he doesn't know when he'll die. So he may want to die sooner than he would if he were given capital punishment when he'd be waiting for years to die. It's more taxing mentally and physically to imprison them for life instead of killing them. Let them stew.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
If a innocent person is put to death for wrongly being convicted than every single citizen is guilty of that persons murder. This has in fact happened. A completely innocent person was put to death and everyone just watched.Murder is always wrong and should be avoided at all costs. Even if it state sanctioned.The only case where it would be morally acceptable to take a human beings life is if other human beings lives depended on it.I understand there are terrible people who by all means, do not deserve to live. But by killing that person than you become a murderer.Do you think murderers just randomly kill people?The truth is most of them had reasons they felt were justified.So you say it is okay to kill people if they have done bad things, well Joe Psycho thinks its okay to kill people if they look at him wrong. What makes you right and him wrong?A truly civilized society would never execute its own citizens as punishment. That my friend is barbarism.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The fear that you could lose your life could drive most people to think twice before committing rape or murder. Some people would wrongly be killed. But the idea that I can kill 20 people and still live in a state sponsored facility is kind of reassuring for me as a hypothetical murderer.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
See above  for studies showing no actual deterrance in the murder rates in state with the death penalty. Your feelings do not hold up in reality. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Countries like Oman, Bahrain, UAE, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, China, Egypt are some of the countries with CP which see significantly better intentional homicide rates than most of the world. With the advancements in science and technology criminal investigation has become far less prone to errors. I just on a personal level think that murder should not be left unpunished. It's not morally right. Even if 80% of the penalties are given to the right people, it will decrease crime rate. When society starts fighting for the rights of those who wouldn't think twice to kill, society has lost it's purpose.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  I just on a personal level think that murder should not be left unpunished. It's not morally rightBut it is morally right for a society to execute individuals? Additionally, the alternative to capital punishment is not freedom, it would be incarceration (for life). Your 'unpunished' claim isn't consistent with the reality in that sense. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Some people would find that to not be too bad of a punishment. You'll be alive. You'll have a community. Maybe friends inside. Get food. Is it enough for someone willing to kill or rape? He did something against society. Now society pays to keep him alive.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Suppose you had a crazy ex-wife. Suppose she tried to frame you for rape and attempted murder. Suppose your lawyer just shits the bed in court, and makes you look guilty as hell. Suppose you were convicted and sent to death row. Wouldn't you want a chance to prove your innocence?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
There will always be grey areas in life. The loopholes in the justice system work both ways. Innocents are incarcerated and rapists and murderers roam free. The need of the hour is to improve this mechanism. I'm not saying the grey areas should be left untouched. There should be a certainty before the death penalty is carried out. Minimize the initial collateral damage in wrongful executions. In the long time crime overall will decline. That is my opinion. Yes, some people do not fear the loss of life. But their death can warn hundreds who would be willing to risk jail.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Umm, did you look at that list of countries you just made? They are not shining examples of human rights and justice. If you are using repressive regimes to make your case you have already lost the argument. Not even one innocent person put to death is acceptable when there are other options. The fact that there is even debate about the relative value in life imprisonment vs the death penalty means the one that causes innocent people to die should be excluded. If you think killing innocent people is an acceptable consequence to seeing that people who kill innocent people are punished, your morals are seriously out of whack. Many opponents of the death penalty are not fighting for the rights of people who kill, they are fighting for the right of innocent people to not be killed by their government.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Let's not blur the topics here. We are solely talking about crime. And whether you want to accept it or not, crime [i-e rape and murder] is amazingly very low in these countries. Who is saying killing innocent people is acceptable? Innocent people die regardless everyday. Funny you're drawing this moral line for me when collateral damage is acceptable by Western countries. And I'm not basing it on chance. I'm saying with increasingly more advanced technology being used to investigate crime, it makes sense to punish those where certainty is 100%.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
No man desires to be in a cage.It is against our nature, for thousands of years we traveled this earth in packs.You want to truly punish someone put them alone in a dark cage.It may sound hard to believe but I do not fear death. I have learned to cope with my own inexistence. Sitting in a cage for the next 60 years or so, now that scares the crap out of me.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 A truly civilized society would never execute its own citizens as punishment. That my friend is barbarismWe are not a truly civilized society, and our society has plenty of barbarians. Punishing these barbarians as if they are civilized people does nothing. I don't believe that every person who killed a cheating SO should face the death penalty, but I believe that people such as the new town shooter and others like him should be put to death. There is no doubt of their guilt, and the level of brutality they released upon this world is far from civilized.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
So lock them up and throw away the key.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
By killing that person you are just furthering the levels of brutality.At some point the cycle of violence must end. I am not saying they should not be punished, but the bottom line is murder is wrong. Every single human life is precious, even those we perceive as evil.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
A civilized society *should* say that murder is wrong. It shouldn't then murder people who've murdered people.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 While much of the research on death row inmates has limitations in specificity, sampling, methodology, and reporting, there are a number of recurrent findings. To summarize these, death row inmates are overwhelmingly male and disproportio- nately Southern. Over half of death row inmates are non-whites. A majority did not graduate from high school. Mean IQ scores of death row inmates are in the low- average-to-average range, but a disturbingly large minority exhibits IQ scores in the borderline and mental retardation ranges. Functional literacy capabilities are well below what would be expected from the years of schooling attended. Whether these literacy deficits are the result of learning disabilities or other factors cannot be determined from the current data. There is also a significant incidence of neurolo- gical and neuropsychological abnormalities among death row inmates.[Source](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/documents/CunninghamDeathRowReview.pdf) PDF warning! Long story short if our justice system were fair there would be a proportional representation of the general population on death row. There is not. Most have mental disabilities and are minorities. I recommend reading the source artical if you are truly interested in more info. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
We have to really examine *why* capital punishment exists. From my view, there are two reasons for its adoption: Punishment, and deterrence.For the punishment aspect, the motivation behind that is obvious. There are monstrous people in the world, and we want them to pay for their crimes. Many people see extinguishing their lives as appropriate (as opposed to the more looked down upon choice of torturing them). There are multiple problems with executions however. 1st, as /u/phdre discussed, it is incredibly expensive to execute someone, due to the cost of the appeals process. It is vastly cheaper to lock them up for life than to kill them. If we still wish to punish them, however, we could either wait out the appeals process, or possibly eliminate the appeals process for capital offences. This leads us to the problem of innocent people that have been convicted of capital crimes. If we were to shorten or eliminate the appeals process for capital crimes, we would be doing so not just for murderers, but also for people who have been wrongly convicted. To many people this is completely unacceptable, since we know for a fact that innocent people have been [wrongly convicted and executed](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesse_Tafero). Indeed, this is why many in the United States argue for the elimination of the death penalty, because we know that innocent people have died, and that many others that were on death row, scheduled for an execution, have had their convictions overturned.As far as deterrence, there is no hard evidence that capital punishment deters future crimes. While there is no hard evidence that it *doesn't* deter crime, it is impossible to prove such a negative. That said, most of the arguments surrounding deterence are that it doesn't deter crimes, as argued by [law profesors](https://www.law.columbia.edu/law_school/communications/reports/summer06/capitalpunish), [supreme court justices](http://www.law.cornell.edu/supct/html/historics/USSC_CR_0408_0238_ZC4.html), and even [former US president Jimmy Carter](http://www.ajc.com/news/news/opinion/show-death-penalty-the-door/nQTLS/).What's more, the choice to even ask for the death penalty varies from prosecutor to prosecutor, meaning that almost identical crimes could have very different sentences. (For this reason, among others, the US Supreme Court [effectively banned capital punishment](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Furman_v._Georgia) between 1972 and 1976, as its application was "arbitrary and capricious). This selective application of the death penalty (and the fact that the appeals process makes it so that only a portion of those actually convicted are eventually executed) makes it even less of a deterrence.So, all told, while executing hardened killers may sound like fitting judgement in theory, in reality, the facts of capital punishment make it unwieldy. Its expense, the fact that it can and will execute innocent people, and its lack of efficacy as a deterrent, make it a less preferable option to the much simpler option of life without parole. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I also live in Canada. First I just want to say that we definitely don't deal with serious crimes like murders harshly enough. It seems more often than not that people are walking away with a lot less time than they deserve (karla homolka). However I do not believe the death penalty is right for a couple reasons. The first is that I do not believe it is morally right for society to condemn someone to death. I feel as though it degrades society, even though in many cases the person may deserve it. It also generally costs more money to put someone to death than to imprison them for life (if we look at the American system). The only way to change this would be to implement a less extensive appeal process, but then this increases the risk of killing an innocent person.Last, I think it is a worse punishment to force someone to live out the final days of their life in a cell than to give them a quick and painless death. If we can look at the American system again, most people sit on death row for 10-15 years or more before they get executed. By that point, a lot of them probably welcome it. I think it's better to let them grow old and frail all alone in a prison cell while they think about their actions that brought them there.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Is the murder of an innocent person an acceptable risk if our justice system were to make a mistake?I don't have the figures but with plea bargains, something like 40% of innocent people will confess.[Also read this one.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Stinney) He was given ice cream for his confession.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I don't trust our criminal justice system to try cases that deaerve death. That's my reason.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I don't support capital punishment in the slightest.  I'm not saying mass murderers don't deserve death, the problem is that far too many people have been executed, and then later it's discovered they were innocent.  That collateral damage is unjustifiable.   What are we to say to the family of those people?  "Woops, it turns out your husband was innocent all along.  My bad.."	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It's more expensive to kill someone than it is to lock them up for the rest of their life.Why should society be in charge of who lives and dies?  If you were locked up (doesn't matter the reason or your guilt), would you want society to determine if you get to live or die?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 and I believe that we waste millions upon millions of dollars housing, feed and even educating these people It costs more to execute them. Unless you wanted to take them outback with a firing squad the second they're convicted. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Well, I'd like to thank everyone for their comments and opinions on this matter. It's not a light matter and there will always be varying opinions on the subject because of personal experience, location, upbringing, etc. While someone like myself who lives in a country without capital punishment may not truly grasp things like judicial errors causing innocent people to be executed or the real monetary cost to tax payers of putting people through the capital punishment process, others may see those elements of the process as the deciding points on their opinions and have a much more first hand view. My view hasn't fully changed on this matter however, there have been some very good comments that have allowed me to look at this from a different angle. I'm not hell bent on keeping my view about capital punishment, hence the post.The cost argument to me doesn't do it for me. We spend billions upon billions of money on things that either never get used, or benched in the system somewhere only to fizzle out and die. Money is spent on stuff that you and I will never see any sort of results from or even know exactly what the money was used for. Spending a little more on capital punishment in my opinion is a simple drop in the proverbial bucket. If a little more is spent on the capital punishment process, than so be it. I do have trouble with the fact that yes, innocent people do get executed. Obviously I'm not going to say "oh well" because that wouldn't be fair. It does show that there are flaws in the system that allow for people that perhaps were in the wrong place at the worst possible time to be prosecuted for things that they didn't do. This happens more than it ever should and not when it comes to just capital punishment. There are definitely issues with the judicial system that need to be fixed. Perhaps we should start there, fixing that issue first. My view was directed to those that we know are 100% guilty, through admission of guilt or being caught in the act.It also was directed at those viciously horrible crimes such as mass murder or terrorist acts, etc. But then yes, who is to say where the line is between an act that is punishable by death and one that isn't. A jury of your peers would be the assumed decider but that allows for the human element to come into play again, which allows for room for error. Anyway, I appreciate the views on this. It's really given me a chance to see it from a different light and someone to chew on.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You are the one who made the cost argument. That was central to your argument in fact: that it costs too much to house people in jail and provide them with food, water, housing, electricity etc.  There are some seriously sick people out there and I believe that we waste millions upon millions of dollars housing, feedIssues with the judicial system will exist regardless. You did not bring them up. You cited specific examples, but failed to understand that the media is not in charge of deciding whether someone is innocent or guilty. Most murder cases are not open and shut ones, and require years of trials, depositions etc. The system is designed so that people who are innocent have the maximum chance of not getting falsely put behind bars, or executed. However, clearly even with this system in place, people get wrongly executed. But then yes, who is to say where the line is between an act that is punishable by death and one that isn't. A jury of your peers would be the assumed decider but that allows for the human element to come into play again, which allows for room for error. This is the system we already have, and it clearly doesn't work as innocent people get executed.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I guess you missed my point about the cost argument, or  maybe i didn't make myself clear. Probably the latter.  We spend money to house these people yes and yes, I understand now that it potentially costs more monetarily to execute a person but I don't see how it costing more should make an impact on wether to have capital punishment at all. I still believe capital punishment should be present for those extreme cases of violence and where there is no doubt in guilt, no matter the cost. Perhaps the practice of what we know to be capital punishment was implemented into a flawed justice system. That's the general feeling i'm getting from the comments i've read.  The justice system is flawed, innocent people are convicted and in some cases though not many, even executed. If that is the case, then maybe I do feel a little differently about who is executed. I am starting to see a different view but not because it might cost a little more to execute someone than to keep them alive. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Yes, you now make the argument that it costing more should not have any effect on what is the most effective way to achieve justice. I understand that. But that is not what you said before. I quoted your original statement in which you clearly were making several points in favour of capital punishment, one of which highlighted the extreme costs of housing criminals for extended periods of time. However, we all then pointed out that in fact executing people, in reality, has an even greater cost. If in your original argument you set out the case capital punishment in terms of the high costs of the alternative (jail time), then you should accept that this argument was wrong, and is in fact an argument against you. You cannot suddenly switch your whole outlook on the fact cost should not have an effect on justice, because you originally implied it did. If you did not imply that cost is relevant to justice, then you were making pointless statements in your original post, and at this point it is pointless on my behalf to try and change your view because it is unclear why you even half that view. I still believe capital punishment should be present for those extreme cases of violence and where there is no doubt in guilt, no matter the cost. Is in contradiction to what you said earlier which was There are some seriously sick people out there and I believe that we waste millions upon millions of dollars housing, feedI am not trying to make a big fuss out of the cost issue. It is you who said that we "waste millions upon millions of dollars". How can you make a point about money being wasted in attempting to achieve justice through the mechanism of incarceration, when in fact you don't care about money when it comes to execution? Cognitive dissonance is the answer I think.Besides, this is completely ignoring the fact that killing people in response to them killing people is killing out of hatred and vengeance, rather than trying to achieve peace and reconciliation, which can easily be achieved through jail and rehabilitation. This article highlights an example where someone is rehabilitated after committing a murder. In another similar case, the Home Secretary intervened feeding off the public anger towards the killers; justice wasn't achieved because, rather than trying to bring the aggrieved families closer towards acceptance and peace, the flames were stoked by escalation.There are also numerous examples where the family of the person executed now become hateful, and vengeful. Instead of achieving closure, the fans have been flamed.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I would agree with you if it cost more to keep them alive than to kill them. But with all the appeals, court fees, regulations, double checks, it costs more to use capital punishment. Keeping them alive is cheaper than just putting them in jail. And then there are multiple pluses to keeping them alive. We can never be 100% sure. If we keep them alive new evidence can surface. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 we can never be 100% sureThere are many cases where we are 100% sure. (Newtown,aurora, Cleveland, etc) these are also some of the more heinous crimes as well. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
There can be set ups. Evidence can be planted.There have been plenty of times we have thought we were 100% sure and where wrong.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'm not saying that we are always 100% sure, just that there are many times where we are. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
No there aren't. We can never be sure of anything. We can be 99.999% certain, but never 100%. People were 100% certain the earth was flat. People are 100% about a lot of things that could be false.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Seriously? You are saying we can never absolutely know that person A killed person B? So we can not absolutely say that the earth is not sphere shaped (I know it isn't a perfect sphere but can not remember the name given to it)?  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'm saying that it's never worth the risk that we are wrong. Because we are 100% certain so many times and are wrong.Obviously when making many decisions we have to assume we are right, but when deciding whether to kill someone we can't ever be certain enough.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Let's summarize :1. CP costs more.2. CP means there is a risk to kill innocent people.3. Isn't roting in prison more horrible than a quick death ?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
-  To many people, rotting in prison *is* worse than death.  It seems from your post that you agree with this-  A (hopefully small) percentage of innocent people will inevitably be convicted.  This is the nature of an imperfect system.  Now these people are sentenced to suffer a fate which you believe to be worse than the death penalty.-  All that money that is spent in CP cases is to give the convicted every chance to appeal or get out of the death sentence one way or another.  I don't know that those given life sentences are afforded these same opportunities to have their case reviewed, etc.  Would someone be able chime in here?  Is the burden of proof different between life and CP?-  Just my personal opinion, but I think the pleas of the innocent would be far more likely to be ignored once the death penalty were removed.  Once we are satisfied that the potential for innocent people to be put to death is gone, it may become easier to not worry about wrongful convictions as much.  I'm sure there would still be people working to help find them and fight to get them out, but I think the overall urgency surrounding the highest punishment would decline.-  Then there's the issue of the state having authority to kill.  Fine.  Take that away and they still have the authority to imprison you for life, stripping you of your freedom, family, value to society, etc.  I find both options terrifying.The argument for the potential of innocents being given CP isn't really against the death penalty itself, but against wrongful convictions in general.  Our judicial system should be doing its very best to prevent wrongful convictions on all levels.  The issue of the statistics is the only thing I can't get past.  It is a fact that minorities are given the death penalty more often than non minorities and that is unacceptable.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  Now these people are sentenced to suffer a fate which you believe to be worse than the death penalty.I actually thought about that when I wrote my answer. Yes I do believe it's worse than death penalty.The thing is, not being dead gives you time. I'm not sure if it's still relevant now, but I've heard about some cases (yet I can't prove anything) where a long time after being sentenced to life in prison, some people were set free because of new evidences or new technologies like DNA testing.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It's horrible but they have their own reasons. However if a society murders the wrong man it's, in my opinion, infinitely worse. Then there's the cost. And then there's forgiveness...	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Oh, I forgive you for the brutal rape and murder of my 17 year old daughter...I REALLY hope you won't so it again	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Well that was refreshingly cynical. I meant after the wrongdoer fully  understands and asks for it of course!	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
what  if he/she never does?What if they ENJOY rape, or murder, or both?Why should society keep them alive?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
1. It's less expensive.2. If evidence appears that proves their innocence, they are still around to see some justice.3. Killing them does not solve anything, does little to further protect others from this person, and causes a lot of stress on the state's legal system that takes away from other cases.4. This type of person often has deep, serious mental illness that can cause this type of crime in the first place, and more often than not they could seriously benefit from long-term rehabilitation and therapy.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Finally someone with brains. I'm so tired of all these angry revenge types on reddit.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
1) If you are willing to enforce capital punishment on another human being, then you should be willing to accept capital punishment for yourself from a wrongful conviction. There are numerous examples of wrongful killings of innocent people by capital punishment. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wrongful_execution2) Killing these human beings out of hatred of them makes you just as bad as these people. You find it repulsive how these humans draw breath after killing other humans - well then I find it just as repulsive that you would want another human being dead. It isn't justice, as it doesn't solve anything - the dead person's family is acting out of hatred and revenge, rather than trying to achieve peace and reconciliation. Even if the person is beyond rehabilitation, killing the murderer doesn't further the attempt to bring closure to the family, as once their anger subsides they will realise that they were acting out of revenge. Edit: IF the person is willing to be rehabilitated, then how is killing the person superior to rehabilitating them? It isn't, as you have the chance of converting someone who is evil to someone who is not evil. It is far better than killing someone without trying to make them a better human being.3) It also costs a huge amount of money in terms of legal fees to have someone executed. The amount of time they spend on death row in America, for example, shows how the legal costs http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penaltygives examples how in most situations it costs more to kill them than to incarcerate them.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
That's totally understandable. Some people are sick fucks and deserve to die.However- if we kill an innocent man by executing him for a crime he didn't commit, **are we really any better?**You'll never remove the possibility for police corruption, or merely, simple human *ineptitude*. Foolish and emotional jurors, inexperienced public defenders, etc. No justice system is perfect, you have to accept the possibility of a mistake and allow for amends to be made.You're right though, that the sick fucks don't deserve to live well on the taxpayer's dime. But we need to reform the prison system, not the justice system.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Unless you're willing to sentence **even more** innocent people to death than we already do, then the death penalty is always going to be more expensive than life in prison. This is a well established fact.http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2011/sep/29/gary-johnson/gary-johnson-says-executions-cost-more-life-impris/http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penaltyhttp://www.deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=42http://www.amnestyusa.org/our-work/issues/death-penalty/us-death-penalty-facts/death-penalty-costhttp://www.foxnews.com/us/2010/03/27/just-cost-death-penalty-killer-state-budgets/http://www.acadp.org/contents/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=40:costs&amp;catid=14http://www.nbcnews.com/id/29552692/ns/us_news-crime_and_courts/t/execute-or-not-question-cost/#.UhDsKZKUTw8Why do we keep them alive? Because no matter where you are, it wastes far less money to keep them alive than it does to kill them. What benefit does it provide to kill them that compares to the enormous cost of their death? None.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 1) Suppose I'm attracted to children. I haven't acted on it yet, but I'm worried at some point in the future I might. Should I just submit myself for execution?Here is what you do:1: Do not rape children.2: Do not say you would like to rape children. 2) I'm a pedophile, and I end up assaulting a child. I know if the child tells anyone, I'll be executed, which is the worst punishment that can be levied. So what do I do? I kill the child and hide the remains. This reduces the chance I get caught, since the victim is dead, and doesn't increase my punishment at all if I get caught. In this situation I'm assuming you'd also want the death penalty for murder.This falls apart because you are literally talking about getting away with murder. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Among other problems, a pedophile is merely someone sexually attracted to children.  In other words, a pedophile can easily go his or her entire life without actually harming a child.  Considering that many pedophiles haven't physically done anything harmful, and it's difficult to tell what's going on in someone's head, killing pedophiles doesn't seem like it would actually make a positive difference in the world.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Remember what I was saying about the security of the child?Anyone who admits to having attractions to children should be removed as permenantly as possible as they are threatening the security of children regardless of their actions."a pedophile is merely someone sexually attracted to children"What. The. Actual. Fuck.Yeah just "merely" attracted to children.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
So you're saying that thinking about a crime should hold the same (or worse) punishment as acting out that crime?If I think about murder without ever acting on that thought I should be punished?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 So you're saying that thinking about a crime should hold the same (or worse) punishment as acting out that crime?no because I am only saying that if you express you would like to murder people that you should be punished.By expressing the thought you are acting on the thought and causing those around you to feel insecure.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Trying to understand how far you think this should go, who of these people would you say deserves to be punished?* Bob (22): "That 20 year old woman is gorgeous."* Katy (25): "I was fantasizing about kissing Jake (19) from accounting again, he's so hot"* Neil (30): "I had that daydream again about shooting my boss, it made me feel better. We then hung out during lunch and had a great time."* Sue (28): "I was just playing GTA and found out that civilians drop cash when you kill them. Infinite monies!"* Carl (20): "You know what, if I had the chance I would just kill that guy in jail for murder. He doesn't deserve a trial."	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
All less Sue.They all openly admit that they want to break the law except for Sue.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Okay then, there are multiple issues I see with this point of view then:* You are completely stomping on freedom of expression. Just because someone says something that makes you uncomfortable doesn't mean it makes sense to outlaw that thing. Taking Bob/Katy as an example, you would be VERY hard pressed to find people that say what he said should be illegal. He is expressing a completely safe view that endangers no one.* There is a difference between expressing that you have a desire to commit a crime and intent to commit that crime. I have a desire to rob a bank, but I have no intent. There's a reason for that. Intent is more quantifiable and actionable. Desire is an emotion, humans have emotions and they have free will to act or not act out on those emotions. You can't always control emotions, so you're dooming people to death for something they do not control. If someone has intent to kidnap a child, then sure, arrest them for that. That's not the same thing as having a desire or expressing attraction to a twenty year old.* You are basically killing the field of mental health professionals. If I can no longer go to my doctor or psychiatrist and truthfully tell them what I feel without repercussion, I can no longer get help in the most effective manner. There is doctor/patient confidentiality, but if you are forcing doctors to report this kind of thing, you're basically ruining any chance that person will get help professionally* Having these thoughts and expressing that you have them is healthy. Everyone has thoughts about things they would never act on, and forcing people to keep all of that bottled up is just going to create more problems than you think you're solving with this.* This would be basically a textbook example of tyranny. While your intentions are great (think of the children), your methods of execution are extreme. Have you ever read 1984? You basically want to implement the thought police.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Honestly, that would put everybody in jail/on death row. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
That is the same thing.  If our laws are to hold people accountable for things they "want" to do.  Like half of the male population would be in jail for rape.I do agree that pedophiles who have confessed their actions should be locked away for life.  You really can't lawfully charge someone with a crime they thought about committing.  (or kill them, in your case.)There are plenty of studies showing that the death penalty is simply not a good deterrence for crime.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Do you really think that people should be punished just because they expressed a thought? [Should this be punished?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vd4TdKZvDG4) By expressing the thought you are acting on the thought and causing those around you to feel insecure.But does the potential feeling of insecurity equate to punishment? Is it enough to justify the cost of a lengthy trial (money and time) just to punish someone for saying something? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  But does the potential feeling of insecurity equate to punishment? Is it enough to justify the cost of a lengthy trial (money and time) just to punish someone for saying something?[Yes](http://diaryofaverballyabusedchild.blogspot.com/)	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You do realize that if these types of though crimes were punishable by law, then there would be no time/resources to punish actual criminals. Secondly, so what about that diary? What about the diaries of people who were wrongfully accused of a crime? What about the heart-felt diaries of people on death row or in jail for simply thinking something? They are people too. They have feelings and family as well. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 You do realize that if these types of though crimes were punishable by law, then there would be no time/resources to punish actual criminals.Simple, increase funding for courts, police and surveillance. Secondly, so what about that diary? What about the diaries of people who were wrongfully accused of a crime? What about the heart-felt diaries of people on death row or in jail for simply thinking something? They are people too. They have feelings and family as well. They need to understand they are part of something bigger than themselves, they are helping man kind in the future. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 Remember what I was saying about the security of the child?I agree that someone who rapes children is a threat to a child's security.  However, what about someone who is attracted to children, but never actually lays a finger on one?   Anyone who admits to having attractions to children should be removed as permanently as possible as they are threatening the security of children regardless of their actions.If you kill people for admitting they're pedophiles, nobody will admit it, so that makes this whole idea impractical.  Also, doesn't the security of human adults count at all?  Going around killing people can also be viewed as a threat to security. However, the thing that most concerns me is the idea that pedophiles are such a serious threat "regardless of their actions."  Why shouldn't actions count?  It makes a huge difference in a child's development if they are sexually assaulted, rather than having someone think of the child sexually without the child knowing.  Pretend a teen or adult goes into his own home, goes into his room alone, and masturbates while thinking of a child without telling anyone.  This may sound creepy, but nobody's actually being harmed any more than if an adult masturbated to a porno.  merelyI used the word to emphasize that the only defining quality of pedophilia is attraction to children.  This wording is to show the distinction from engaging in in sexual conduct with a child.  In other words, pedophilia refers *merely* to thoughts, not actions. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  However, the thing that most concerns me is the idea that pedophiles are such a serious threat "regardless of their actions." Why shouldn't actions count? It makes a huge difference in a child's development if they are sexually assaulted, rather than having someone think of the child sexually without the child knowing. Pretend a teen or adult goes into his own home, goes into his room alone, and masturbates while thinking of a child without telling anyone. This may sound creepy, but nobody's actually being harmed any more than if an adult masturbated to a porno.I believe that you should not be punished for your thought but your expressed thought. So in the case of someone masturbating while thinking of a child I do not think there should be a punishment for that but if you were to express that you like to masturbate thinking of children I believe we should not fuck around with that.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You seem to have accepted my original point that it's absolutely ridiculous to punish someone merely for being a pedophile, since pedophilia is just thinking dirty thoughts, not necessarily acting on them.  So, we agree that just thinking bad thoughts isn't a huge deal.  As for actions determining punishments, I think you're drawing the line in too strict of a place.  You appear to seriously be advocating for the death penalty for individuals that don't even physically touch children.  Don't get me wrong; it's really creepy to say "I thought of [name of child] when I was masturbating last night."  That being said, I think it's more disturbing that you would consider it justifiable for that comment to warrant killing someone.  You really don't see anything wrong using the maximum punishment the justice system can utilize on someone who may never have negatively interacted directly with the victim? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 You really don't see anything wrong using the maximum punishment the justice system can utilize on someone who may never have negatively interacted directly with the victim?may have.The problem here is that it absolutely destroys the security of everyone around the person.So you are saying you would be cool having being who **openly admit to wanting to fuck children** walking around free?I am thinking in a preventitive way because no prosecution after the fact can ever undo the damage done to a child.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 So you are saying you would be cool having being who openly admit to wanting to fuck children walking around free?This fallacy is known as a "false dilemma". He never said it was "cool", he merely stated that killing someone who expressed those thoughts was excessive. On another note, judging from your overly combative tone it seems like your mind is already made up on this issue so there's no need to chase the delta...	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
How about getting therapy or some other kind of psychological help for this person?  My concern is that you're starting out with the death penalty.  It makes more sense to try and treat smaller problems with smaller reactions.  You say you want preventative measures.  Therapy can be preventative.  Locking someone in prison can prevent these people from harming children and deter others.  Having a sex offender registry can limit opportunities for molestation.  I'm not saying you're wrong to want to protect children.  I'm saying you're methods are too extreme.  It's like using a nuclear bomb to kill a fly.  Sure you'll kill the fly, but you're going to do more damage than it's worth in the process. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 How about getting therapy or some other kind of psychological help for this person?I am trying to think in a much larger way.My idea is that abused children become abusers so if it is stomped out harshly enough that in the future this will completely remove this problem from society.´What if the nuclear missile killed every single fly and no flies were ever seen again? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 The problem here is that it absolutely destroys the security of everyone around the person.How so?  So you are saying you would be cool having being who openly admit to wanting to fuck children walking around free? It would not be "cool" but I'm okay with it as long as they don't harm anyone. There is a huge difference between thinking and doing. And heck, most normal people have thought of the worst things imaginable, but it does not mean that they are bad people or that they are going to act on their thoughts.  I am thinking in a preventitive way because no prosecution after the fact can ever undo the damage done to a child.How can you justify punishing people that have not done anything wrong and probably won't...just in case? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
| Mens Rights ~~bitching~~ issues.Sounds like you've got another agenda.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
That is for another day.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
So, before I tackle your view, I want to set a definition:*pedophilia:* "[...] a psychiatric disorder in persons 16 years of age or older typically characterized by a primary or exclusive sexual interest toward prepubescent children (generally age 11 years or younger, though specific diagnostic criteria for the disorder extends the cut-off point for prepubescence to age 13)." - WikipediaAssuming you agree with this definition, then I'll carry on with my argument.  Ok so I firmly believe that the security of a child is the most important thing for the development of society [...]Very debatable.Developing an maintaining a quality society involves more than just child security. There are other aspects that are just as, or even more, important. While I do agree that ensuring a secure future for the next-generation is an important factor, I disagree with your assessment that it is the *most* important.  [...] [child security] should not be allowed to be broken for the sake of perversed minded individuals with ulterior motives..Child security is not broken with the presence of pedophiles, but I will agree that it is threatened. Still, you should take note that not all pedophiles attempt or even *desire* to commit child abuse—which were to occur if they attempted to satisfy their sexual desires directly. Pedophilia is a mental disorder, and there are pedophiles which do recognize it as such and attempt to seek treatment.  I also believe a hard stance on crime (in this case the death sentence) will completely remove said crime...Capital punishment is extremely questionable—especially given your lose criteria for deserving such a punishment. Under your view, pedophiles who approach others with their illness and attempt to receive help would be put to death—which would be a severe human rights violation. You also have the potential issue of wrongful executions. Being a deterrent is also questionable; since pedophiles can no longer seek medical help for their illness, you further shut in a group who is already severely shunned by society—which can cause more pedophiles to turn to abusing children.  But more personally I think they are the scum of society and deserve to be treated as such.Being a pedophile does not mean that you abuse children. Again, there are pedophiles who attempt to seek professional help to cure them of their mental illness. The only "scum" would be those who turn to child abuse rather than seek help.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 Assuming you agree with this definition, then I'll carry on with my argument.http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1ktd4e/i_believe_all_pedophiles_should_be_given_the/cbsekofOP is not okay with your definition	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Wow...I can't even imagine how one can even validly reach such a conclusion. That's just absurd.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The problem with the death sentence, and the reason no criminal should be punished for it, is because you can't appeal. In most cases, the person charged with a crime is guilty, in this case of abusing children. But what if they aren't guilty of what they are accused of doing. Our justice system works well, but it's not unheard of for someone whose innocent to be wrongly found guilty. The problem with the death sentence is, even if you were innocent, once the killing's done there is no way to appeal.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 but it's not unheard of for someone whose innocent to be wrongly found guilty.You win some you lose some. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
My girlfriend and I are currently 20 (classmates). She turns 21 next week, and my birthday is in December. Will she be killed because she remains attracted to me? I would like to know because I kind of like her. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
What do you define as "child"? Pre-pubescent? Below age 16? Below age 18? What if 2 15 year-olds have sex? Should they be both executed, or are you strictly referring to adults being attracted?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I am strictly referring to adults being attracted to children.I think children should only be punished if they create child porn.A child is under 21.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Really, 21?So a college senior who is 21 should be killed because he is attracted to a junior who is 20 and a 'child' by this definition. If you could enforce this, you've basically killed anyone who was going to graduate from college.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The problem here is that there has got to be a point at which you legally change. You cannot have a law that states "they are kind of children from here to here but kind of and not really."This leads to the fact that the age cannot be set too low as this raises moral questions.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
So you're not worried about the moral implications of killing people for being attracted to someone a single year their junior?You're not worried about the moral implications of killing people based on expressing their emotions, and not taking into account they have physically done nothing wrong to anyone?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
No, you should be aware of the law.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The law is not perfect. Would you condone the punishment of a slave that ran away from his master? Well he was breaking the law...	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Can you clarify if you mean people who have acted and actually abused a child?  Or someone who has those tendencies but never acted and seeks out therapy to control their desires? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
That seems rather easy to abuse. Suppose someone was having a messy divorce. They could pressure their child to accuse their partner of abuse and get them executed.http://investigations.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/08/18/19936408-daughter-i-lied-and-sent-my-dad-to-prison-for-rape?liteThis story for example. If you made such a law, it's quite likely it would be used to end consensual relationships of people who were both young. A 17 year old has sex with a 14 year old? Execution.http://www.news.com.au/world-news/teen-kaitlyn-hunt-19-jailed-over-gay-relationship/story-fndir2ev-1226700753057This case has been making the rounds recently. It's controversial since the pedophile is female.For serious serial pedophiles for whom there was excellent evidence, I would agree, but I would strongly disagree with an absolute policy of death.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I think one necessary point to make is that clearly you would need a more strict definition of pedophilia if this were to be enacted. I have a distant relative, 3rd cousin or something like that, who is currently in jail for possession of child pornography. Now he is a sex offender, and clearly deserves to serve his jail sentence, but I would never say that he should be sentenced to death for that crime.Additionally if your second paragraph were entirely true Texas, the state that executes the most people, would have the lowest crime rates and we should just make every crime punishable by death. And I suppose that might work if I knew I would be killed for jaywalking I wouldn't do it but it is still an excessive punishment relative to my crime.My final point is that a jury by your peers is a system inherently open to error. People are exonerated off death row, sometimes they are exonerated after they have been killed, because of juror error. I think that chance means that it is a bad idea. Life imprisonment I can agree with for crimes such as serious sexual assault, not just against children, because if they are found not-guilty they can be released. Yes they have lost x years of their life but at least they are not dead.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 I think one necessary point to make is that clearly you would need a more strict definition of pedophilia if this were to be enacted.Admits to having sexual desires for Children and/or sexually abuses children. My final point is that a jury by your peers is a system inherently open to error.Yes it is but I feel like this is a small price to pay for the removal of pedos.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
What if an 18 year old has sex with a 17 year old? Should they be executed? That's technically child molestation.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
No one cares what you think. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Two facts about the death penalty that need to be addressed:1. It costs more money to put someone to death than to give them a life sentence.2. Innocent people have been and will be put to death.Why do you believe it is so essential that we kill an inmate that we spend additional money and risk putting an innocent person to death?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 Innocent people have been and will be put to death.Do you have any citations for this?  More specifically, for innocent persons in the US tried, convicted, sentenced, and executed, and later exonerated?I've only heard of the one story that's questionable.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wrongful_execution#United_States	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
To your first point... It should cost more and it's a good thing. The appeals process is what largely consumes all of the money and we need to be as sure as is possible when putting someone to death. To your second point... it's true. Mistakes happen and sometimes the system fails. The system should be strengthened, obviously. Still, mistakes will happen. It's wrong when a mistake happens but I believe this is a reflection of the complicated nature of the situation and not a reflection of capital punishment, the act itself. I don't think it's reasonable to junk an entire system just because mistakes have been made. Innocent people are also jailed but we don't suggest abandoning the entire system because the system still has some value despite its flaws. The same can be said about capital punishment. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 Innocent people are also jailed but we don't suggest abandoning the entire system because the system still has some value despite its flaws. The same can be said about capital punishment.The process of jailing someone doesn't involve *ending their life*. That's the key difference - if someone is wrongly jailed, then later proven innocent, they'll get to go back to their lives.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Not necessarily just go back to their lives. They'll essentially get a "my bad" from the system and then placed in an environment to which they have become desensitized to and that is very different to the environment they were jailed in. Loss of job, money, and your name still tied to the crime over media. It's not exactly just going back to their lives.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
People in that situation inevitably receive large amounts of reparation for their undeserved incarceration.  That's not to say that they wouldn't have preferred to not have the money and have their lives back, but at least the system can try to correct its wrongs.  If you kill someone unjustly, however, the best you can do is pardon them and *maaaybe* give reparations to their family (but in many cases that does nothing to alleviate the original injustice, while at least paying the victim does *something*).	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It depends on if they will receive large reparations, but if I recall what I've read right the reparations are usually a minimal amount compared to the mount of time served. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Really?  I'm pretty sure the figures are in the millions (though it's obviously up to you whether that quantity is adequate).	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'm sure a few cases, but usually they have to pursue the state in order for something. I'm basing it off of here:http://www.innocenceproject.org/fix/Compensation.php	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I realize that is a key difference but that wasn't the point I was making. Also, the idea that simply releasing someone gives them their life back isn't accurate. See my other post for an explanation as to what I mean. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It's not just a complicated nature of the situation it's racial bias. More minorities have been sentenced to death than whites. These are more than just simple mistakes, and it's obvious through through the innocence project which has exonerated hundreds off of death row most of which are African American. It has been anywhere from just faulty "science", poor witness testimony, and jury selection. Why is it a good thing it costs so much? Putting someone in incarceration for death row, which is usually supermax, is a one person cell with probably 2 hours at most with human contact during the day. It would be a far better system, although less punitive, to put someone on a life sentence. Last point, have you ever heard of the brutalization effect? Basically, in a community where someone is put to death the violent crime rate in that area spikes. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 More minorities have been sentenced to death than whites. And it's something that needs to be corrected. We don't have to abolish capital punishment to fix this specific problem.  Why is it a good thing it costs so much? Because the appeals process lessens the risk of wrongly executing someone.  Last point, have you ever heard of the brutalization effect?Do you have a link?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'll find a good source when I get to school. To me the death sentence is only symbolic, and therefore wasteful.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Should you not also consider what capital punishment is outside of your own view? My personal view is that capital punishment should be reserved for crimes like treason, espionage, etc. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I do consider outside of my view, but what purpose does capital punishment serve other than retribution?EDIT: Here's some information without giving you any studies that you'd have to read into.http://www.e-archives.ky.gov/pubs/Public_Adv/jan00/dppotter.htmlThere was a study in California where if someone was to be placed to death on a friday there would be a spike in violent crime on thursday-friday.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 I do consider outside of my view, but what purpose does capital punishment serve other than retribution?Retribution is an accepted part of criminal justice, you know, even if you disagree with it.There are other arguments as well, such as there not being any distinct punishment for the most severe of crimes. There can be situations in which there is no added punishment for murder, despite everything else someone may have done. There are also arguments relating to closure of victims, which I don't find particularly compelling. I favor capital punishment where the sentence serves a wide-reaching symbolic purpose -- for example the hanging of Nazi war criminals. I also extend that rationale to things like espionage, treason, etc. I think in those examples, retribution is important. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  To your first point... It should cost more and it's a good thing. The appeals process is what largely consumes all of the money and we need to be as sure as is possible when putting someone to death.This is true but OP seems to think it's cheaper to kill:  so much money is funneled into keeping these people [convicts] alive, when there are honest people at the bottom scraping along. Why should someone who believed they had the right to end someone elses life take priority over a good citizen.If it actually costs more money to kill somebody, OP should be asking whether the benefit s/he believes the death penalty brings are worth the financial cost (however many hundreds of thousands of dollars). Indeed, why should someone (a DA) who believes they have the right to end someone's life (a convict) take priority over assisting a good citizen?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  This is true but OP seems to think it's cheaper to killYes, OP is clearly in the wrong on this particular point. Indeed, why should someone (a DA) who believes they have the right to end someone's life (a convict) take priority over assisting a good citizen?I think I would amend what you've said to say that a DA may believe * the state* has the right to end someone's life. The reason why prosecuting people takes priority over helping a good citizen is because it's their job. I'm not sure what exactly is being suggested in saying, '...take priority over assisting a good citizen?'. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  a DA may believe * the state* has the right to end someone's lifeA DA makes the choice whether or not to request the death sentence in court. Of course the court then needs to agree that the death sentence is appropriate, and of course the DA can only request a death sentence for certain crimes, but effectively DAs can save people's lives by choosing not to request the death sentence (and actually this is a major source of racial bias in the justice system). So in a way, the DA does believe they have the right to end some people's lives. So does any judge who approves the death sentence, and so does the state. These statements are not in conflict with one another.OP was saying the extra money spent on imprisoning people instead of killing them would be better spent on "a good citizen". Presumably s/he is talking about improving education, healthcare, welfare, public transport etc. They were looking at the decision on a national level, they weren't talking about the decision the DA gets to make. OP should really be asking themselves whether the extra money spent on killing people instead of imprisoning them would be better spent on a good citizen.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 A DA makes the choice whether or not to request the death sentence in court.... on behalf of the state. The DA represents the government and doesn't make decisions inside of a vacuum. My point was that your description sounded like the DA is making a personal choice and that they themselves have the right to kill someone. They only have the right to influence the execution of the law. They, themselves, do no possess the power to kill someone.  The DA holds the key to what charges and what sentencing *might* be brought against someone, but it's done in coordination that branch of the government.  So in a way, the DA does believe they have the right to end some people's lives.In a manner of speaking, sure. Accurately speaking, no DA is going to claim they have the right to end someone's life. They have a right to influence the execution of the law. This is because the power doesn't reside with the individual or the position if power. The power resides with the state. All the DA can do is suggest charges and sentences. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  It costs more money to put someone to death than to give them a life sentence.OP's view is that capital punishment is *just*, not that it is practical. Your first point doesn't get at the moral issues, just budgetary ones.  Innocent people have been and will be put to death.And under our current system, innocent people have been and will be sentenced to life in prison. Death penalty cases receive much higher legal scrutiny than life imprisonment, so I'd argue that there are *more* people who will die in prison on life sentences than will be wrongfully executed. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  OP's view is that capital punishment is just, not that it is practical. Your first point doesn't get at the moral issues, just budgetary ones.A good chunk of OP's argument is that it costs too much money to keep convicts alive. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  but when i look at america's system, so much money is funneled into keeping these people alive, when there are honest people at the bottom scraping along. One of his main points is the cost...	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  And under our current system, innocent people have been and will be sentenced to life in prison. Death penalty cases receive much higher legal scrutiny than life imprisonment, so I'd argue that there are more people who will die in prison on life sentences than will be wrongfully executed.Sure, but if you agree that the death penalty is a worse punishment than life in prison, surely the injustice of a wrongful lifetime imprisonment is marginally less than a wrongful execution. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I don't agree with that though - I'd much rather be executed cleanly than be imprisoned for the rest of my life. I don't go from this view to the idea that there is less injustice in an execution, but I don't think they are altogether different.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Sure, but the reason we keep the death penalty around, and the reason the OP is advocating for it is (I think) because we believe that it is a more severe penalty than life imprisonment, which somehow doesn't sufficiently convey society's disapproval of the action. You may feel differently, but I think generally, society disagrees.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I argue for it because I think that once you have harmed society sufficiently, it no longer owes you anything - not housing, not food, not medical care, nothing. Execution is more humane than locking someone up with no food until they starve to death. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
My point is that *your* argument about what is more humane probably isn't society's argument, and clearly isn't the OP's argument. The OP's premise is that the death penalty, as the worst punishment, should be applied to the worst crimes. And if you accept that as true, there is a difference between wrongfully executing and wrongfully imprisoning someone. And whether or not *you* accept that premise as true is irrelevant to this CMV.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
For your first point, it costs more because of the extensive legal appeal system we have put in place.  While we shouldn't it certainly would be possible to reduce this cost so that it would be a savings.  For example, there have been proposals for a "fast lane" of sorts for certain cases which meet a certain threshold of evidence, which would reduce this cost well below the cost of a life sentence.Additionally, the cost argument really only applies in the US and not for other countries in the world that have capital punishment.As for your second point, I would need a source for that accusation.  To my knowledge, nobody innocent (that can be proven) has been put to death in the US since capital punishment was reinstated in 1976.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  I would need a source for that accusation.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wrongful_execution#United_StatesSome examples are older, but many are new. There's *definitely* been people put to death and later proven innocent since 1976.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Wait, he was asking for a source of wrongful accusations? Does he has that confidence in the legal system to believe that all the people that have been put to death are guilty?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'm not sure of your last statement, but this is a list by the innocence project that shows 143 people having been exonerated due to evidence that was beyond all reason of doubt enough to convict them to the death penatly. A fast lane to capital punishment is a stupid idea in a system that prides itself in due process and would rather have 100 guilty walk free than to wrongfully convict 1 innocent person. THE worst thing that could happen would be to apply an assembly line justice to capital punishment.www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/innocence-and-death-penalty	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
For me it's this simple: If you can't convict someone with 100% accuracy, then you shouldn't give them a punishment that's 100% irreversible. We'll never have a justice system than can convict people with perfect accuracy, so this will never be feasible.It's cheaper and arguably just as severe to lock someone up in solitary confinement for the rest of their lives, so why not do that? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Do you disagree with execution on practical grounds only, then? So if someone were caught on camera planting bombs or shot up a theatre and was caught red-handed, you wouldn't have any *moral* objections to executing them?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 So if someone were caught on camera planting bombs or shot up a theatre and was caught red-handed, you wouldn't have any moral objections to executing them?Well for the record, video evidence does not equal a 100% accurate criminal conviction. There is no outcome from any human justice system that is 100% accurate, and there probably never will be. People have been sent to jail on [DNA evidence before that turned out to be inaccurate.](http://wrongfulconvictionsblog.org/2012/05/07/implicated-by-dna-exonerated-by-dna-the-ashikaga-case/)  If hypothetically, in a perfect world, we could convict criminals 100% accurately? From moral grounds, I would still say no. I think the pragmatic argument here is a much better argument, but I think a moral perspective still holds weight. I think in the civilized world, we can universally agree that killing is wrong (that's why murder is illegal). If we hold that as something to be strived for, we need to have a really good reason to use the power of the government to kill someone. If someone's actively committing a violent crime and poses a deadly threat to someone, then I have no sympathy if they're killed by police. But I just don't see anything that can be gained by killing someone who's in shackles. I don't think the death penalty is a better deterrent than life imprisonment, and I don't think that the death penalty is a much crueler punishment than life in solitary confinement. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I think one can make a case that the morality of a policy should be judged on its practical effects. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 If you can't convict someone with 100% accuracy, then you shouldn't give them a punishment that's 100% irreversible.Putting a person in prison and then releasing them (due to an error) a number of years later isn't qualified as a 100% reversal. Sure, they get let back out but their experience in jail and how it negatively affects the rest of their lives can't ever be reversed. Ask a person, wrongly committed and having spent 30 years in jail, if being released now is a complete reversal of their punishment. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Prison is not 100% irreversible. It's not 100% reversable either.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 My reasons for thinking is are because while the offender has ended someones life and hurt many other people in the process, the consequences for their actions is a roof over their head, a meal every day and resources, completely off of society's back.That's pretty terrible reasoning. Prison fucking sucks. Hands down. The consequences of their actions is they are sequestered to a specific place, have almost no control over their daily lives, and are left with as little to do as possible so they may think back on their poor choices that resulted in almost a complete removal of their personal rights. The idea of prison as some kind of cushy place to hangout after your crimes is, pardon my french, utterly moronic. The only people who have anything other than a completely shitty time there are criminals who are overflowing with political and economic power, but those are so far and few between as to be completely irrelevant to the discussion, especially since their comfort comes through a purposeful distortion of the system.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The answer, like many things, is found in The Lord of the Rings:      "Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends."All human endeavour involves human error and human biases. And you cannot make these life-and-death decisions based on error and bias. If you do, you're as bad as any other murderer.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Generally, you should have a very good reason for killing someone.  I think everyone agrees with that.  Even if it is someone that has done something very wrong, you still need a very good reason to kill them.  So then, is avoiding the need to pay for meals everyday and a roof over one's head (not to mention security) a good enough reason to kill them?  Well, money is only valuable to the extent that it enhances human life. So is the money saved not providing meals, shelter, and security going to enhance human life enough to make up for its extinguishment?  I would argue it does not. The money to keep alive all the people we've executed so far who would be alive today would at best only result in a very small, almost negligible increase in taxes (and others would say it would even save money), and its effect would be almost entirely limited to a few states, primarily Texas.  The effects of such a small increase would be worth hundreds of human lives.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Most people believe once you kill someone, one of four things happen to them:1. They go to heaven2. They go to hell3. They are reincarnated4. They cease to exist - there is no afterlife.Going to heaven or ceasing to existing are better than a life time of jail.  Going to hell would be worse than jail, but you'll be in hell for eternity so a few extra years in jail won't make much difference.  You could be reincarnated as something terrible and take thousands of years to work your way up to human again, which would be worse than jail.Based on this, I think we should punish people by keeping them in jail, rather than giving them the better option of dying.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Never mind whether or not you can get perfect accuracy in sentencing; that's a red herring. The value of human life is not dependent on the moral character of the person whose life it is. The world is not divided into Good People' and Bad People, the deserving and the undeserving. A society built on those lines is a *shitty* society. If you don't believe me, try this: if harm to Bad People is less bad than harm to Good People, then it follows that punishments for crimes against Bad People should be lessened or eliminated. At one extreme that leads to outlawry (and how wonderfully well *that* worked), but even at its mildest, it would suggest that the sentencing phase of criminal trials should include a full investigation into the victim's history, with discounts granted for all the un-admirable things they'd ever done. Imagine if hospital triage was performed not according to need, but according to who most *deserved* care. As I said, shitty world to live in. If someone you cared about got murdered, it would be no consolation whatsoever to learn that they had it coming. Also, imagine it was your son or daughter being executed. At that moment, you wouldn't *care* what they'd done, they're taking your child away from you and killing them, and you'll never see them again and your world is crashing down around you and you're on your knees begging for them to please just not kill your child. That horror is the entire reason murder is bad in the first place, and two wrongs do not make a right. No, they didn't show that same consideration to their victims, I know. But y'see, we're supposed to be *better than* the people we so despise. We expect people, when they're hurt or angry, to restrain their impulse to lash out and kill the people they're angry at. That's called civilization, and the benefits of living in it are significant and well worth the costs. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
   if harm to Bad People is less bad than harm to Good People, then it follows that punishments for crimes against Bad People should be lessened or eliminated. People certainly do think this way. If someone was brought to trial for murdering a known child rapist, he's be a goddamn hero, not a criminal, in the eyes of society. In a less extreme example, people applaud stories about people shooting and killing muggers or robbers. Laws like Stand Your Ground laws spring from this instinct that we should care more about victims living than perpetrators dying.Not saying that society isn't shitty, but you write as if it is a hypothetical - it isn't. You have to change *people* in order for your view to be a convincing argument against the death penalty.  Also, imagine it was your son or daughter being executed. At that moment, you wouldn't care what they'd done, they're taking your child away from you and killing them, and you'll never see them again and your world is crashing down around you and you're on your knees begging for them to please just not kill your child. Depends on what they'd done. Can't speak as a parent since I'm not one, but if a brother or sister of mine had committed a sufficiently horrible crime, I wouldn't protest their execution. I would be distraught, but I wouldn't be angry at the judge, jury, and executioner; I'd be angry at my sibling for having become a monster.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I think it is undeniable that capital punishment for murder is just in an eye for an eye kind of sense. However, we have to look at a larger view of justice. Justice doesn't just serve specific victims, it serves society.1. in America, a black murderer with a white victim is more likely to be put to death than any other color combination. This is not due to any increase in heinousness or other things--statistical regressions basically isolate race as the compelling factor. This means that a black perp will be put to death for a crime for which a white perp will receive a lesser sentence, mostly on the basis of race. This is obviously unfair. It is also nearly impossible to prove bias (short of the judge shouting the n word) in individual cases. 2. The same could be said about poor defendants (harsh sentences) vs rich defendants (lenient sentences). Also Latinos vs non-Hispanic whites. (Substitute your own unpopular classes, races, or ethnicities.)So, we are talking about a penalty which strongly, disproportionately applies mainly to poor and/or black and brown people. Is that *just*? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I agree with you that execution should be used more often, but I think allowing it for single convictions for single acts of violence risks executing innocent men too often for me to support your plan. I'd argue that if someone is convicted twice for two different 1st Degree Murders, two different rapes, or two different gang murders (either for a reoffense, or under two concurrent trials for simultaneous murders), then they should be fast-tracked to execution. Two jury trials, one appeal, a pardon request, then done. The chances of wrongfully convicting someone once is too high for comfort for me, but anyone convicted *twice* for murder who then fails their appeal has almost certainly committed at least one.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
This has been covered here ad nauseum. Check the wiki. The tl;dr is that no system of evidence will ever completely eliminate the chances of an innocent person killed by the state and it actually costs more to execute a person than to house them for life due to legal fees and other costs. Also there is no concensus that the death penalty is an effective deterrent. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Right, but why spend a ton of money to take out the garbage to the special dump when you can just place it in the garbage can behind your house for "free"? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
In this analogy you already have garbage by your house and the addition or decrease of garbage depending on how you treat this special type of garbage will have essentially no effect on the rest of the garbage that will remain outside your house. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 Well, for one is the garbage keeps piling up, you might run out of room. The number of people who could be sentenced to death under anything approaching a fair legal system is not nearly enough to make any sort of difference in the number of people imprisoned. If you're worried about prison overcrowding, there are far, far better ways to go about reducing the number of people in jail.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Garbage that can't hurt you in anyway, because we're talkign about a prison.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
A few issues:1.  Proportionality.  We want punishments to graduate with severity of the crime.  The death penalty is considered the most severe punishment reserved for the most serious offenses.  The state shouldn't be in the business of killing people for things like violent theft or joining a gang, as deplorable as some of these acts may be.  If being deplorable alone was enough for the death penalty, most people who committed a felony-level crime would get it.2.  Juries.  One reason why we have graded crimes today is because most crimes used to be felonies and felonies were punishable by death.  The injustices perceived by juries - because the punishment was disproportionate to many felony crimes - resulted in hung juries.  Our statutory, graded sentencing system is by design and was created, in part, as a reaction to too many acquittals by juries who didn't want to kill a person for lesser felonies.3.  It runs the risk of resulting in more murders.  If a violent theft is punishable by death and so is murder, maybe it's better to just kill the person you're robbing.  Sure, we're good with forensics these days, but it's not as good as having a walking, talking victim who can report to the police and testify in the courtroom.  It takes up police time and resources to piece together the evidence.  It's a few extra inferential hurdles the prosecutor needs to make his/her case.  We don't want criminals faced with a death penalty one way or the other to calculate that they have better odds of getting away if the person they're harming is dead.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 1.   Proportionality. We want punishments to graduate with severity of the crime. The death penalty is considered the most severe punishment reserved for the most serious offenses. The state shouldn't be in the business of killing people for things like violent theft or joining a gang, as deplorable as some of these acts may be. If being deplorable alone was enough for the death penalty, most people who committed a felony-level crime would get it. 2.    Juries. One reason why we have graded crimes today is because most crimes used to be felonies and felonies were punishable by death. The injustices perceived by juries - because the punishment was disproportionate to many felony crimes - resulted in hung juries. Our statutory, graded sentencing system is by design and was created, in part, as a reaction to too many acquittals by juries who didn't want to kill a person for lesser felonies. Personally I think sexually assaulting a child or an adult for that matter is pretty severe as is committing a murder for any reason. Those two examples I am pretty firmly seated in my opinion. Now an argument can be made against the other crimes for instance violent theft. If a person has been arrested and convicted of burglury, armed robbery, or severe cases of assault and upon release committed similar crimes again then I think it's fairly obvious that this person is a danger and has no intention of changing. If that is the case then who is benefitting from continuing to arrest and house this person in prison? So while I agree on your comment about proportionality, I think that repeated "severe" crimes shouldn't be met with the same punishment.  3.   It runs the risk of resulting in more murders. If a violent theft is punishable by death and so is murder, maybe it's better to just kill the person you're robbing. Sure, we're good with forensics these days, but it's not as good as having a walking, talking victim who can report to the police and testify in the courtroom. It takes up police time and resources to piece together the evidence. It's a few extra inferential hurdle the prosecutor needs to make his/her case. We don't want criminals faced with a death penalty one way or the other to calculate that they have better odds of getting away if the person they're harming is dead. This is a valid point. I am not sure what the actions of an individual would be if they knew that in lieu of a life sentence *if* they were caught they would receive capital punishment. I do think that a person that has already committed these types of violent crime would not really care whether his victim lived or died at this point anyway, and if they have ever been arrested for similar crimes before then chances are they are going to die in prison anyway. So death sentence or life sentence? I think an individual would kill their victim either way if they felt that it would keep them from getting caught. Edit: Added some letters 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  So death sentence or life sentence?   I think an individual would kill their victim either way if they felt that it would keep them from getting caught. Unfortunately, since we can't divine the motivations of each individual, the law has to operate on probabilities and rationality.  It's assumed that people know what the law is (i.e., that you're on notice.)  It's assumed that people know the worse their crime is, the harsher their punishment.  It's assumed that people want as little punishment as possible.  It's assumed people prefer living over dying.Based on these necessary assumptions, which I think are mostly fair, rational people will try to minimize their punishment and, when given a choice between life and death, choose life.  It's imperfect, but laws are just general rules.  When something is exceptional, that's when we trigger discretion:  discretion by judges for sentencing, discretion by prosecutors to charge, etc.To use your example of a pedophile, even if we assume for the sake of argument rape is just as bad as killing a person (especially rape of a minor), it's a high risk to say that a criminal who rapes a kid is just as likely to kill them with or without the punishment grade.Is it worth risking the life of that child to punish the criminal for the act after the fact?  Or is it better to err on the side of safety, where that child at least has the remaining benefit of being alive even if the rapist also lives his entire life behind bars?  The net benefit of the former is we build in a higher probability of an innocent victim surviving the "lesser" crime.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  Personally I think sexually assaulting a child or an adult for that matter is pretty severe as is committing a murder for any reason. Those two examples I am pretty firmly seated in my opinion. The term "sexual assault" is quite broad and applied quite liberally. A single event of inappropriate touching may be considered "sexual assault". By equating more minor cases of sexual assault with murder, it creates a dangerous situation  where victims become reluctant to report crimes, and criminals no longer have an incentive to refrain from going further.I believe it is very important to distinguish the severity of *any* crime. The context and severity of the crime needs to be considered in a fair trial. That is why judges and juries can consider aggravating and mitigating circumstances when choosing a sentence.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 So death sentence or life sentence? I think an individual would kill their victim either way if they felt that it would keep them from getting caught.You might be right for crimes that currently carry a life sentence, but armed robbery and other violent but non-deadly crimes generally don't.  I do think that a person that has already committed these types of violent crime would not really care whether his victim lived or died at this point anywayIt seems really naive to think that criminals don't respond to incentives. A similar scenario, where the penalty for drunk driving homicide was significantly higher than hit and run homicide, became such an issue in my state it had to be corrected legislatively. The difference between 15-40 years in prison and the death penalty is huge! In the US, there are twenty times more robberies than murders, so clearly criminals don't tend to kill the people they rob. Providing criminals with only a net positive, the inability to testify, in murder cases versus robbery cases seems like a disaster, especially when you consider that witness and victim testimony would be critical if you heightened the standard of proof needed for conviction.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I think your third point is a very good one. If you have a low point where the maximum penalty is given more crime will occur. If you know that you'll get the death penalty if you are found guilty, why not do everything you can to avoid getting caught?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 I believe this would reduce the amount of these types of crimes committed if the offenders knew the consequences before they ever committed the crime.Why do you think this? I doubt that murderers, drug dealers, gang members, pedophiles, or repeat violent offenders are performing some sort of rational cost-benefit analysis when deciding whether they should commit a crime. This would also cost millions of dollars less per year to house criminals given life sentences in prison.But the death penalty costs *more* than a life sentence, not less. There are too many additional court procedures to try and ensure that we don't kill innocent people.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
We only allow them to exist. If we didn't and there was a back room to a courthouse where one bullet would be administered to the back and the corpse paraded to the front when declared dead, would cost be a matter? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Yes, because we're not all-powerful and all-knowing, and eventually you'd kill someone who's innocent.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I have grappled with what is worse: Killing someone who is innocent, merely expediting the inevitable, or letting someone who did kill off scot free.I would think the ghosts of Caylee Anthony, Trayvon Martin, Mike Brown, Eric Garner, Nicole Brown, Ron Goldman, and possibly soon Tamir Rice and Odin Lloyd would rather see an innocent man killed for a crime they didn't commit.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Is that what you would want for you? Any eye will do? What possible authority do you possess that allows you to speak on the behalf of those people you named? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
All were callously murdered and their murderers were found not guilty in the face of blatant evidence. Justice was forgotten for them.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I think if you took a survey of innocent people who were killed, they'd be least in favor of innocent people being killed.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
And that allows you to speak for them how? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 and their murderers were found not guilty Which makes them irrelevant to the argument because even if you made the death penalty happen right after the verdict, they were all found *not guilty*. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'm not going to address the others, but Aaron Hernandez is still on trial for the murder of Odin Lloyd, unless we're talking about different cases. I'm not sure why you're assuming that Hernandez will be found innocent.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I just have a feeling. Like all the others.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
In that case, would the best option not be taking a gun and shooting everyone in the town? Eventually you're likely to hit the killers.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I have to wonder what makes recklessly killing an innocent person more acceptable when the government does it than when you or I do it, you know?  If you wield the authority to take someones life, doing so without due process - including robust appeals - is outright cavalier disregard for another person's life.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 I would think the ghosts of Caylee Anthony, Trayvon Martin, Mike Brown, Eric Garner, Nicole Brown, Ron Goldman, and possibly soon Tamir Rice and Odin Lloyd would rather see an innocent man killed for a crime they didn't commit.1) Ghosts don't exist, the feelings of non-existent.2) Even if ghosts did exist, why would you think they would have this opinion? I can't only speak for myself, but if I was killed and become a ghost, and was offered two options:1) My killer goes free2) My killer is brought to justice, but a random innocent person is also killed.I would choose #1 every time. #2 is incredibly selfish. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
A system which guarantees we'll murder lots of innocent people in the name of justice would likely be cheaper, yes.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
    Why do you think this? I doubt that murderers, drug dealers, gang members, pedophiles, or repeat violent offenders are performing some sort of rational cost-benefit analysis when deciding whether they should commit a crime.Since I have never committed any of the mentioned offenses I am merely assuming that anyone that has made the decision to commit such a crime has proceeded with some trepidation. Now that I think about it a little more clearly that is probably rarely the case.   But the death penalty costs more than a life sentence, not less. There are too many additional court procedures to try and ensure that we don't kill innocent people.I am only considering cases with definitive proof. If there are cases with DNA evidence, video footage, multiple eye witnesses, etc then there shouldn't be any procedures ensuring that we don't convict an innocent person, instead you have a relaxed prosecution and a defense that is trying their hardest to keep the defendent from receiving capital punishment. In these cases there should be no life long room and board, they are not benefitting the species, and they are not doing anyone any favors by being alive in prison for the rest of their lives. I could not seeing capital punishment being more costly in these particular cases, instead I see the cost of housing these individuals, feeding, guarding, medical espenses, and numerous other factors going down. I would also be inclined to think that the amount of maximum security facilities could possibly decrease. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
How do you propose accounting for the possibility that DNA results are manipulated as presented to the jury? Also, witness testimony is incredibly problematic and unreliable. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  I am only considering cases with definitive proof.This is not possible. DNA evidence can be incorrect or fudged, video footage can easily be manipulated, eye-witnesses are already notoriously unreliable.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
OP, click this [link](https://public.psych.iastate.edu/glwells/theeyewitnesstest.html) to learn a bit about eye witness testimony.    If you want a more in depth case study, pick up a copy of [Picking Cotton](http://www.amazon.com/Picking-Cotton-Memoir-Injustice-Redemption/dp/0312599536). Hell, if you want, I'll buy you a copy.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 I believe this would reduce the amount of these types of crimes committed if the offenders knew the consequences before they ever committed the crime.This is not so certain.  There is not any hard evidence that the death penalty acts as a deterrent to violent criminals.  In fact [88% of Criminologists do not think it's an effective deterrent.](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/study-88-criminologists-do-not-believe-death-penalty-effective-deterrent)It was presented in Penn and Teller's Bullshit episode on the subject as:  There are three types of murders.  1.  People that plan.  2.  People that kill out of passion.  3.  People who kill because of mental illness.The first thinks they'll get away with it, the second isn't thinking about consequences and the third will kill regardless of the consequences.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
**Note:** Your thread has **not** been removed.Your post's topic seems to be fairly common on this subreddit.  Similar posts can be found through our [wiki page](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/sexualabuse#link) or via the [search function](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/search?q=pedophil&amp;amp;amp;restrict_sr=on).Regards, the mods of /r/changemyview.  *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview) if you have any questions or concerns.*	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I agree with you, but not because sentencing someone to 250 years seems a bit strange.Theres a huge difference between a life sentence, the years of multiple sentences adding up, and the death penalty.Life sentences are just that: you stay in prison for the rest of your life.If someone commits 4 crimes and each require 50 years with no parole, the odds of that prisoner surviving are very very slim but if he does make it, *they have to let him go*.I would argue that life sentences and multiple sentences you have a low chance of riding out should just be replaced with the death penalty, but in the eyes of justice that's unfair. The court has determined that whatever crime you committed isn't punishable by death, but by a lifelong (or a very long time of) lack of freedom. To take that away would be unjust and unconstitutional.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Implementing this policy would be costly and next to impossible. There are no degrees of guilty and innocent  in our justice system. You are either guilty or innocent, this whole, how sure are we thing is just asking for trouble. Is it not also terrible to jail people if we are not completely sure?   I believe this would reduce the amount of these types of crimes committed if the offenders knew the consequences before they ever committed the crime. Do you have evidence of this? I have actually heard this might not be true. Of course I have no sources either so I cannot just say you are wrong but accepting this as a given is a bit of a stretch. Prison is terrible and it is quite a punishment in its own right.   This would also cost millions of dollars less per year to house criminals given life sentences in prison.This is just demonstrably false. It costs so much for our court system to be extra super sure (which it does already with the appeals system) before it kills someone. In fact it costs more than just keeping them alive in prison for their whole lives. Lastly, that multiple life sentence thing is often because of sentence minimums which are a whole different can of worms. Often the judge has no choice but give these crazy numbers of years because each crime has a minimum, the defendant is found guilty of multiple crimes, and there is nothing (in most cases) limiting the stacking effect of these sentence minimums. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It is impossible to prove someone guilty "without a shadow of doubt". There is always a chance, however slight, that evidence was tampered with. Also, the death penalty is the only penalty we have that is not reversible if new evidence comes to light. Because of these two limiting factors the death penalty should not be used by any modern society.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 This would also cost millions of dollars less per year to house criminals given life sentences in prison.Even in cases where "the evidence is so solid that there is only one possible verdict—guilty," the justice process involved in administering the Death Penalty (appropriately!) has so many levels of checks and balances and opportunities for appeal that it's ultimately cheaper to just leave them in prison.Lawyers are expensive. Judges are expensive. Trying court cases is expensive. And while the instinct to inflict the death penalty seems satisfying, ask yourself what the point of the justice system is—vengeance against criminals, or protecting society from them?There are better uses for that money, especially in light of—as mentioned elsewhere in this comment section—it's not a particularly effective deterrent, and can even incentivize murder more strongly.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Alas, there is almost always more than a shadow of a doubt.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Pedophilia is a mental illness so you are advocating for euthanasia for mentally ill.If people in general wouldn't flip their shit in a nanosecond of learning that someone has it, more people with it would dare to visit preventive therapy where techniques to control oneself are taught. Such a program was started under the radar in a German city, and it is going really well as far as I know. Still, if it became known widespread, people would "refuse to accept this exists", and probably burn the facility it takes place in down. That means there'll be more raped children, as people who just need a monthly reminder don't get it any longer. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  Pedophilia is a mental illness so you are advocating for euthanasia for mentally ill.Absolutley! There is really no reason that exists that could sway me from this. My 6 year old neice is absolutley precious and a wonderful happy little girl, her biological father is in jail awaiting trial for sexually assaulting her. He admitted to his ex wife via text message and also admitted to the CPS investigators, they offered him a plea deal to avoid going to full blown trial and he declined it and recanted his statements. Now this piece of shit is going to make his 6 year old daughter get on the stand in court. What he did to her is despicable and I firmly believe that he does not deserve to be apart of this planet anymore.I am also a father and I am willing to bet there are a lot of parents that would agree with me. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 Absolutley! There is really no reason that exists that could sway me from this. Then maybe this isn't the right sub for you.If you want to have a critical discussion then have one but if you precommit to never altering your view regardless of possible future events/evidence then it's pointless to discuss it.Without allowing for the possibility of changing your position it's not a discussion, it's just dictation.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  Now this piece of shit is going to make his 6 year old daughter get on the stand in court. What he did to her is despicable and I firmly believe that he does not deserve to be apart of this planet anymore.Hes not making her do anything as far as court goes. Thats our justice system. He does not deserve to be a part of this planet anymore but I dont want to be paying to remove him from it.  I am also a father and I am willing to bet there are a lot of parents that would agree with me. Truth is not determined by majority vote. The world needs to stop acting on emotions and start acting on logic.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
First of all, pedophilia is not a crime. Child molestation is a crime, but pedophilia is not. One cannot be convicted of pedophilia.Secondly, it is incorrect to assume that setting very harsh automatic sentencing rules will benefit victims of crime. Imagine a case where a child has been sexually touched by their parent. They don't want it to happen again, but they may still love their parent. Knowing that reporting the crime will result in their beloved parent's death, most kids would never report this crime. You will only be driving crimes like this more underground. This will not help victims.There is also the fact that minor crimes will be escalated to murder, in order to prevent the victim from telling. A person involved in armed robbery causing injury might kill the victim in order to silence them. Since they would be executed in either case, they have nothing to lose. Putting people in a position where they have nothing to lose is very dangerous.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  It has always puzzled me as to why hand out a multiple life sentence to someone without the possibilty of parole. Because we dont kill people to prove killing people is wrong. I believe this would reduce the amount of these types of crimes committed if the offenders knew the consequences before they ever committed the crime. This would also cost millions of dollars less per year to house criminals given life sentences in prison. The kind of criminals your speaking of dont care of consequences. When you have a mental illness your brain does not function correctly. They are not going to not commit crimes due to a life sentence being converted to a death penalty.It cost more to kill the people than to have them live their lives in prison.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
We don't need to prove killing people is wrong. Everyone already knows killing people is wrong. And I think everyone would agree that there are certain cases where killing someone is acceptable.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You cant speak for everyone. Lots of people are pro life in all circumstances.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I agree with murderers and violent offenders, but pedophilia is just a sexual attraction. Making pedophilia a crime is like making it a crime to think about murdering someone. That means that if someone makes you angry and you have the thought of killing them, you would be arrested.I am like you, I think many criminals should be put to death instead of wasting money keeping them alive in prison, but not pedophiles. You can't arrest people for a thought.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
As has been pointed out many times, it's not possible to know beyond the shadow of a doubt. Many people have already been executed who were later found to be not guilty of the crime they were executed for.Completely setting aside the very relevant moral and other arguments involved, your case only works if we can really know for sure, and in most cases we really can't.Try to imagine it's you, and you know you're innocent. Because that really does happen, more than you think.So don't be too hasty with your romantic notion of frontier 'justice'.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You're going to murder innocent people.  Period, no way around it.  The more you execute and the faster you execute them, the more innocent people you're killing.  That's full stop.I agree that there are some people that, based on crimes committed combined with psychological analyses, etc., should probably never be free in the public again, one way or another.  But you execute people, some percentage of them are going to be innocent.  At least the people that are not executed can one day get out and be restituted.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Are you familiar with the saying "in for a penny, in for a pound?" It's a commentary on how overly severe punishments create perverse incentives. If a person knows they'll face the death penalty for robbery, what reason do they have not to commit murder or whatever other crimes might prevent them from getting caught?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I understand what you're saying, but to me this does not justify reducing the ramifications of serious crimes just in the hopes that the criminal doesn't do something worse to get out of it. If that's the case, why not reduce the penalty for all major crimes in the hopes that the criminals just turn themselves in?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Speaking from an American perspective, we already offer incentives for criminals to turn themselves in, which sometimes include reduced sentences. Even the harshest prisons offer privileges dependent on good behavior because they recognize that criminals require some basic level of incentive for compliance. The danger of a broad a mandatory death penalty is that it gives criminals no incentive to comply. On the other hand, a prisoner who can bargain their way down to jail time has every reason in the world to cooperate. On top of that, to best prevent murder, we need levels of punishment that are unique to murder without being cruel and unusual. Being tough on crime is not the same as being effective against crime, and incentives for compliance have a long track record of getting results.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
We don't even have the death penalty for most murder cases.Why should threatening to murder someone have a harsher penalty than actually murdering them?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I assume OP would also be in favor of the death penalty for other serious crimes as well.In my opinion, the death penalty shouldn't exist at all, in any capacity.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Now those people have no reason not to go on a killing spree when the police comes for them, because they are going to die anyways.Also, the criminals would now be better off leaving no witnesses.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I think that you'd find this a lot less of an issue if the penalty for those crimes was death. Anyone going on a killing spree or "leaving no witnesses" under those circumstances was probably going to do it anyway. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I don't think you get the point.If the penality for armed robbery is already death, any criminal who does armed robbery has nothing to lose by committing more crimes. If those crimes might allow them to get away, they actually have an incentive to do more crime.Example: if you want to rob a house, why tie up the person living in it? Just kill them, if they catch you you'll die anyways and it will be a tad harder to find you if there is no witness.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 any criminal who does armed robbery has nothing to lose by committing more crimes.I don't think that *you* get the point. If the penalty for armed robbery is death, there will be far fewer armed robbers. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Are there less murders in the US states that still have the death penalty?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
There's no evidence that the death penalty deters criminals.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
If your line of reasoning was correct, you should be able to show me studies indicating that abolishing death penality causes significant crime increase for the crimes that were affected.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
First, who do you think commits most home invasions? Second, do you think a bunch of methheads who want to steal your VCR will really be influenced to not rob a house because of threat of the death penalty? Third, since when has the death penalty ever deterred crime? Do states that have a death penalty report fewer murders than those that don't? Did the murder rate skyrocket when the Supreme Court put a stay on the death penalty?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
People in favor of the death penalty can say things like that all they want, but that doesn't make it true.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I understand what you're trying to say, but if they do that, it just reaffirms the fact they don't have any place in society and should be removed. That doesn't change the fact that they have something fundamentally wrong with them that disqualifies them from participating in a modern society.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You are making a circular reasoning: "we are going to kill those people, if they fight back that's proof they needed to die".You could use the same exact line of thought to ask for death penality for lollygagging or any other dumb reason.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
All the same, we as a society have a choice in whether we want every instance of robbery to end in a shootout with the police. Every part of our justice system that works acknowledges that even criminals require some basic level of incentive for compliance.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
1.  If the state puts people to death, it puts innocent people to death.  Period.  Some percentage of the men you put on death row will be falsely accused.  Your 'positively identified' clause is assumed in a court that asks the jury to only convict men who are guilty "with no reasonable doubt."  You will put innocent men to death.  In my view, putting a free, innocent man to death is something that a democratic, secular society cannot do and still call itself free, but that is a value judgement.2.  Any kind of sentencing, at some point, comes down to the question of redeemability.  If an idiot kid holds up a convenience store at 17, is it then impossible that anything good could ever come from his life?  To say "no" is a strong, bold position, especially considering we have many men, in or outside of prison, that have sworn off violence after committing heinous crimes in their youth, and turned their energy toward religion, social justice, whatever else.  Also, you would definitely to have a citation for the idea that people who have committed armed robbery necessarily have a "fundamental defect in their brain chemistry."3.  The level of incarceration in America, at least(not sure where you are), is already unprecedented.  America has 5% of the world's population, but 25% of the world's prisoners.  We have 700% more people incarcerated now than in 1970.  Yet, we still have far greater gun violence than Europe.  There is no indication that being "hard on crime" works as a deterrent.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I understand your point about the death penalty, for this CMV, lets assume though that the criminal is 100% identified beyond any reasonable doubt, I agree that it is not an acceptable punishment for a juvenile, I should have clarified.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I don't understand why that is a meaningful debate, though.  We would be debating an imaginary, impossible scenario.  If this is something you *really* think should be implemented in the *real* world, I don't think you get to make that distinction.Anyway, let's say the kid is 18, then.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 for this CMV, lets assume though that the criminal is 100% identified beyond any reasonable doubt,Since we're living in fantasy land, why don't we just commit these people to azkaban instead? The thing that makes the death penalty so barbaric is that any system of man will get things wrong. Why are you so willing to give the government so much power over life and death? I mean, that is an awesome power over meth-heads who want to get their next score by robbing a house. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Your point about trusting the government with life and death is a critical one. Government systems fail all the time, so I don't understand why people are so ready to believe that one specific system is infallible.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
* It would be inhumane to put a person to death because of an issue with their brain chemistry. Many people with schizophrenia who commit crimes of all kinds are sent to institutions where their mental health can be properly dealt with.* You've assumed the purpose of the gun or knife is to cause bodily harm. Not everybody who brandishes a gun in a robbery is ready to fire it and kill or injure the person. Some people are using the gun merely for intimidation purposes - it's a *threat* of harm. And if it were up to them, they wouldn't need to use it. I have heard stories of people who get what they wanted from a robbery and then shoot their victims anyway.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
This is a very important point. One thing we were taught in martial arts is that if someone is brandishing a knife at you, chances are they *don't actually want to use it*. That's why they're making sure you see it, because that way they won't have to. If they're hiding the knife or keeping it out of your view, then *that's* when you need to run like hell because they mean to hurt you. The thing is, that second scenario is way less common.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
(reposting this response from above)I understand that most robbers would like to get out of the situation without killing, but if they go into the situation with a LOADED firearm or a knife, then in my mind, they are prepared to kill if they situation escalates to that point.I'm not saying everyone has to add value to society like Hitler's master race dream or something, if you're in a wheelchair or have spina bifida, that sucks, but you can still contribute art, research, great works in science.I really meant if you clearly DETRACT from society by having the urges and acting up those urges to commit violent crime with loaded and dangerous weapons. Even if your grandma is dying of cancer, that's not an acceptable excuse for me.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  I really meant if you clearly DETRACT from society by having the urges and acting up those urges to commit violent crime with loaded and dangerous weapons.People who commit armed robberies aren't usually acting on an *urge*, they are usually acting on desperation.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 You're brandishing a weapon, ready to kill a person you do not even know, for short term profit.I think the weapon is mostly used for intimidation and not all robbers are willing to kill for their profit of the robbery. Because of this not all robbers 'have a fundemental defect in their brain' but some can have a place in society (even though they might need help).Therefore I'm convinced we can not use the death penalty for robbery. The collateral damage of the rule kills people who still have value for society. (Just to avoid side-tracking discussions: I do not think someone must have value for society to be kept alive and I'm opposed to the death penalty, but that is not what this CMV is about.)	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I understand that most robbers would like to get out of the situation without killing, but if they go into the situation with a LOADED firearm or a knife, then in my mind, they are prepared to kill if they situation escalates to that point.I'm not saying everyone has to add value to society like Hitler's master race dream or something, if you're in a wheelchair or have spina bifida, that sucks, but you can still contribute art, research, great works in science.I really meant if you clearly DETRACT from society by having the urges and acting up those urges to commit violent crime with loaded and dangerous weapons. Even if your grandma is dying of cancer, that's not an acceptable excuse for me.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I do not think all robbers will kill in an escalated situation. Inherently good people who are desperate do very stupid things. Robbing has a minor effect on the victim compared to taking their lives. Their desperation might drive them to commit a robbery, but their goodness can stop them from taking a life. There is a huge leap between those two things.I believe there are too much people in this category to justify the death penalty for robbery.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 or a knife, then in my mind, they are prepared to kill if they situation escalates to that point.Based on what are you making the assertion that people who are willing to use deadly threats are willing to go that extra step and actually use deadly violence? That seems like a massive logical leap and I am curious how you arrived at that conclusion. Because I think this is where your logic fails. Like, suppose you're a meth-head and want to rob a house to get money for your next score. You keep a Swiss Army knife in your pocket to clean your nails and in your high, you forget that it's there. The state will kill you under what you're proposing. Or... The only reason you bring your knife is to pry open a window, like a tool. Or, the only ready you bring your knife is to wave it around in case you're caught so you can run away. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
What if they intend to fire the weapon at something other than a person as an act of intimidation. Simply carrying a loaded weapon isn't enough to infer intent. If you could prove that in this contrived case their intent was never to fire upon a person would you still want to punish them with death?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 have a fundamental defect in their human brain chemistryIf medical science developed a way to fix their brain, would you continue to hold that they should be put to death?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Well, that opens up another can of worms, I suppose not, provided they didn't kill or hurt anyone. I suppose you could apply that argument to literally every crime though.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
And that's exactly what the rehabilitative model of criminal justice is about.  It's the crazy idea that treating criminals like human beings can help them to not be criminals anymore, *and it works*.The United States uses a punitive model of criminal justice, and is one of the only Western nations to still have a death penalty in any capacity.  The United States has [more prisoners per person than any country in the world,](https://www.salve.edu/sites/default/files/filesfield/documents/Incarceration_and_Recidivism.pdf) and, more importantly, [a repeat offender rate of 51.8 out of 100, **at the very lowest**.](http://www.bjs.gov/content/reentry/recidivism.cfm)  These figures knock all EU countries out of the park, but special mention goes to [Sweden,](http://www.theguardian.com/society/2013/dec/01/why-sweden-closing-prisons) and sub-5000 prison population and its recidivism rate of 30%.  Their prison system is focused on humanity and rehabilitation above all else, with both in-prison and post-prison counseling and psychiatric services available for all manner of offenders.So what does this have to do with the OP?  It goes to show that treating violent offenders as irreparably damaged time bombs *does not and will not work*, and you don't need a miracle pill that absolves any and all violent tendencies to rehabilitate a violent criminal to be less violent, especially when it was a crime of desperation, as armed robbery often is.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
In that case, is the person *culpable* for having that brain?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
There is a great danger in categorizing all robbers or thieves as 'disturbed people prepared to kill just to get money'. One always has to look at every possible aspect of WHY these people are doing what they are doing. Sure, there's plenty of bad people out there who simply want to fill their chest with gold and live happily ever after through a simple act of greed.But what about those who are doing it for moral reasons? A family of 5 in which the income is so low they can barely survive. The grieving father may take extreme measures just to he can feed his children - so he goes off to buy a simple BB gun and uses it to rob convenience stores.Or a son who is witnessing his mother dying from terminal illness because there isn't enough money to pay for crucial surgeries. He, too, might convince his friends to go with him on a robbing spree so that he can save his mother's life. His reasoning could be 1) He doesn't want to lose his mother forever. 2) If she dies, he will spend the rest of his life thinking "was there something I could have done to save her?"^These two examples can make people do crazy things to save the people they love. Putting them up on trial and concluding they are disturbed folks who don't contribute to society and are willing to murder others for a petty buck - is a little over the top? Especially if the sentence for these people is as extreme as taking their life in the name of the law. Sure, they may not contribute to society with their acts. But they contribute to the value of human ethics and morals - which I believe is worth far more than any law out there. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
/u/PorscheWTEThis guy with the comment above me does have a point goddammit.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Would your view change if they were using an unloaded gun?     And why?  It would have the same psychological effect on the victim, but there could be no intent to actually kill.        Would this finality apply to juvenile cases?  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Yes, because you clearly had no intention and no means to cause lethal bodily harm to another person. It would need to be a loaded gun or a knife.In my mind, this would not apply to juvenile cases, although in the case of home invasion with a lethal loaded weapon, I'm on the fence.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Ok, what about the starving man who needs to feed to his family?     The man who can be seen in the video to be clearly remorseful even during the robbery, and who could have had no other choice?     What about [this man?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ih5Q2RCnuHE)   Can you believe he should be executed for this act?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
No, there is always another choice, whether it is apparent or not. If he is robbing with a loaded weapon, he should be put to death. If he steals items or money and runs without interacting with a person, he deserves jail time, but not the death penalty.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Maybe you can help me understand why you feel this specific crime warrants the death penalty.      Why not attempted murder?   There is intent to murder there.         Why not 3rd DUI offense?  There is a pattern of endangering without care there.        Why not poaching?   This is literally both robbing the state of resources at gun-point and unjustly taking a life. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Attempted murder I could agree with the death penalty if it was premeditated and not aggravated. Armed robbery is premeditated.DUI, while terrible and they should lose their license for a number of years, is not the same as holding a loaded gun or knife in someones face and taking from them.Poaching, while terrible, is an animal, not a human life, which is far less important (but i'm not against game reserves killing poachers that shoot at the gamewardens). But if a poacher surrendered peacefully, I don't think he should be executed gangland style or anything, jail time for sure.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  DUI, while terrible and they should lose their license for a number of years, is not the same as holding a loaded gun or knife in someones face and taking from them. It is not the same as holding a loaded gun, no. But it is the same as operating a loose bullet. A 3rd offense is a clear indication that nothing will stop the person from repeating the behavior until another person is dead. Or a family.   Or anything else that happened to be unfortunate enough to be born without the predictive power to know that our drunken driver would decide he really needed a new 12 pack that night.    This is the equivalent of your armed robber just firing rounds randomly. For three consecutive robberies.         Poaching, while terrible, is an animal, not a human life, which is far less important (but i'm not against game reserves killing poachers that shoot at the gamewardens).       Are you aware that he world has decided that poachers don't even get a trial anymore?    We've also hired people to hunt the poachers. Kill on sight.         Attempted murder I could agree with the death penalty if it was premeditated and not aggravated.       This is a literal attempt to end a person. Premeditated or not.        Armed robbery is premeditated.      This is a literal property crime.           _______________        Are you honestly of the opinion that an attempt to end a life; a third attempt to end as many as possible; and a crime for which the world has decided to shoot on sight -- can you honestly say that a property crime is more egregious than these?  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'm more concerned with the motivations and the goals of each crime and what it means for the person. When a person gets into a vehicle drunk, they aren't thinking about killing or maiming someone, they are concerned about getting to a destination. While they are a terrible person and should be locked away, they aren't maliciously and with forethought taking from someone with a loaded weapon with the preparedness to kill.I don't feel bad for poachers, they know the stakes, and if they are willing to do it anyway, those are the consequences. While I admit don't think killing an animal directly deserves the death penalty, even if its an extremely endangered species.Premeditated murder is heinous, you have time to think about the ramifications to everyone involved, and decide to do it anyway. Aggravated murder as in you are provoked and a guy starts fighting you and you end up throwing him down and he hits his head on a stone and dies, you meant to hurt him, but not kill him, (maybe im thinking on manslaughter, on second thought.) Or perhaps the crime of passion example where you walk in on your wife having sex with the neighbor and you kill them both. While terrible and you should be locked up, I don't think you should be killed for that.If you are committing premeditated armed robbery or home invasion with a loaded deadly weapon and have a history of violent crime. You are prepared to kill someone for petty gain and your value of human life is therefore very small. You deserve to be killed in my mind.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 The reason I added the 'positively identified' caveat is that I don't want to leave any room for putting an innocent person to death, so for this case to kick in, I would need either CCTV confirming their identity, or multiple eye witnesses confirming their identity.You realize this still leaves the chance of error, right? Every wrongfully convicted inmate who was sentenced to die had a trial where the jury had instructions to only give a guilty verdict if they were convinced beyond a reasonable doubt that prosecution proved their case and that the defendant was guilty.Secondly, there's a BIG difference between armed robbery and home invasion. Home invasion is much, much, much worse. Neither should give the death penalty unless they actually hurt someone. If we gave the death penalty to anyone caught doing one of these horrible crimes, regardless whether they actually killed someone, then they would have no reason NOT to kill the victims. If they'd face the death penalty no matter what, they'd probably then ALWAYS kill the clerks and family members to avoid being identified, so it would actually make life much worse for everyone else.Lastly, I disagree with this statement: I believe that if someone is willing to forcefully take from another innocent person with the threatening use of a knife, gun, or other easily lethal weapon, they have no place in society and have a fundamental defect in their human brain chemistry (without even touching on the trauma and psychological damage the victims must suffer). To me, this type of crime shows an extreme amount of depravity. So I'm friends with someone who cleaned up his life. When he was a teenager, he fell into substance abuse, starting with alcohol and then working his way up to harder drugs. I know that at least at one point, he robbed a convenience store with a loaded gun, maybe more. He was in and out of jail and rehab until he decided one day to clean his act up. He became sober, found a good job, found new friends and hobbies, stayed away from anything alcohol or drugs, and went back to school. A decade later, now he's happily married, has a kid, a house, and is just finishing up his doctoral degree. Right now he's teaching classes at the university.  If you were one of his students, you'd have no idea that he had a criminal past years ago, and all you'd see now is a happy guy with a good life who enjoys giving back to the community. What good would it have done society to kill him? There's plenty of people like this who at one point had gone down the wrong road (likely from the influence of drugs) and then eventually sobered up and came back to a be a productive member of society. There's probably someone you know who has a past that they overcame.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
While crime is a shitty thing to do not all crimes are equally heinous. Not everyone who brandishes a knife will use it. Not every gun is loaded. Most of the time these people aren't looking to kill someone. They just want to scare them to get the goods and get out. Should scaring someone while robbing them be a capital offense? Or do they need to be willing to kill. How do you figure out which ones are willing to kill and which are just trying to steal and avoid a fight?Also, not all robberies are done for the same reason. What if someone told you if you don't go get some money they were going to kill you? What if that person telling you that was hunger, or addiction, or putting a roof over your kids' heads?Now, robbery is and always should be a crime. And maybe the most hardened brutal robbers are not worth trying to rehabilitate. But it's way too heavy handed to suggest all robbers need to be put to death. Remember that poverty creates crime and no one is in poor on purpose.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I don't know about you, but I've done a few things while drunk that I probably would never do sober.  I've not partaken of drugs, but from what I have heard and read, they can alter your perception of reality much more than even alcohol.  When someone is very drunk / high / stoned, their perception of reality and their level of inhibitions can be very different than it is while sober.  In that case, while of course they deserve to pay a penalty for the crime they have committed, they may be entirely rehabilitated by simply going through detox and staying off of mind altering substances.Punishment for a crime comes down to rehabilitation, deterrence, retribution, removal, retaliation.  Capital punishment removes any chance of rehabilitation.  No level of punishment would deter a crime of passion, crime of desperation, unthinking crimes or crimes of opportunity.  It only has a very small chance of deterring one particular class of criminal - who is in control of their faculties, their morals, and can make a rational cost/benefit analysis of whether committing this crime is worth the risk of punishment.  As for retribution, you're advocating for something even more harsh than "eye for an eye".  The crime was that they put another person at risk while depriving them of property.  While yes, there was a risk of harm, they did not actually harm in any way that is irreparable.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
This is a really good post, you've swayed me somewhat. I do feel like it's possible to make a terrible mistake if something traumatic has happened to you, like your spouse cheated on you, or your child passed away.I'm willing to concede that if a perpetrator has no prior violent criminal history and commits an armed robbery under duress or some kind of extenuating circumstance, perhaps the death penalty is not fair. I'd be willing to just put them in jail for an appropriate amount of time, but if they committed another armed robbery with a loaded weapon, they would deserve death penalty. Partial Delta?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  have a fundamental defect in their human brain chemistryYou start off bad. Many theft-related crimes are a result of poverty. Very few of them are because the person is legitimately unbalanced. Now, I'm not saying that people who rob a liquor store are Jean Valjean, but they aren't Patrick Bateman either. Criminal justice is, ostensibly, about punishment, deterrence and, ideally, rehabilitation. It is not supposed to be about vengeance. A person who robs a store at gun point is going to jail for the crime they committed. They are not, however, necessarily irredeemable. You would assume from the start that, regardless of circumstances, someone who pulls a gun on another person must *ipso facto* be capable of murder and should therefore be put to death, because that person is a timebomb waiting to go off. Not only are you doling out a massively asymmetrical punishment, you are opening a can of worms that could easily slide into assigning death penalties to a whole slew of crimes based entirely on your subjective opinion of "depravity". Hypothetical: Person A robs a store at gun point. The clerk is scared shitless, as is the intention, and hands over the money in the register. The thief flees, but, thanks to surveilance, is caught and sentenced to death. The clerk is not injured and the store is reimbursed for the loss by insurance. Person B is a homophobe and sees a gay couple on the street. He beats the gay couple so badly, they are hospitalized. The couple survive, Person B is caught, charged and convicted of aggravated assault and sent to prison for 10 years. Are you prepared to sentence person B to death as well? It seems pretty clear that person B is a more direct threat to the actual members of society than person A. If so, where do you draw the line? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
If person A and B have a history of at least one violent crime, and person A's gun is LOADED, I think he should be put to death. He is prepared to shoot the store clerk if he fought back or someone else fought back.Person B, if having a history of at least one other violent crime, should be put to death. If really the only connection to the victim is the thought that he might be gay, he really should be killed regardless if he beats him to within an inch of his life without being provoked whatsoever.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
First and foremost, the death penalty is wrong because it's intrinsically irreversible. If new evidence comes up, too late, the accused is dead. If they're in prison, the damage done to them can be mitigated by releasing them.Secondly, the death penalty is (usually) overkill. If your goal is to prevent someone from hurting more people, locking them up will have the same effect. It may not give the same sense of satisfaction to the general population because the criminal didn't get what they deserved, but that's my point: what someone deserves is subjective and based on revenge-driven thinking, whereas prevention and rehabilitation are not.Thirdly, why do people commit violent crimes? If you look at the socioeconomic status of most criminals, they're poor. They commit crimes out of desperation. Punishment isn't a deterrent if you already feel that you *have* to do something to survive. Alternatively, you're crazy. If you're on drugs, we can put you in a place where you won't be on drugs and thus you no longer will hurt people (preventing future crimes). Or, if you have a mental disorder, we can get you help for that too. These methods allow people to get out of their criminal circumstances without drastically killing them. You can look at the rates of relapse for prisoners who gain an education while in prison vs. those who don't. People with access to education/jobs/skills that lift them out of desperate circumstances don't usually fall back into crime.Do some people deserve death? Sure. But laws shouldn't be about subjectively *punishing* wrongdoers, they should be about *fixing the problem*. If you go the punishment route, you end up in the Middle Ages again just being generally horrible.Edit: I haven't addressed the reparation aspect of justice, but that's important too.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
1. There's not a correlation between crime rates dropping in areas where the severity of punishment is harsher. For example, in Texas, the death penalty is present, but it doesn't stop people from murdering other people. Another example: in the top 20 states with murders per 100,000 people, or rather, in the top 20 worst states for murder rates, only 5 do not have the death penalty. In the top 20 states with the LOWEST murder rates, 12/20 do NOT have the death penalty. It can be argued that punishment is not a detractor of criminal behavior. [Source](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/murder-rates-nationally-and-state#MRord)2. As a personal anecdote, my apartment was broken into when I was just a year out of college. My girlfriend at the time came home to find the house had been broken into and apparently the people had just left. She went upstairs and found a knife from our kitchen, upstairs in our bedroom. So the robber had broken in, taken the knife from our kitchen and brought it upstairs with him in case he met anyone up there, I guess. But who is to say his intent? Was it scary as shit? YES. Did it make me feel very unsafe in my home? YES. But I also know that some robbers carry weapons solely for personal protection and not to actively harm people. Some robbers take them and use them to scare or intimidate people. Who is to say that it was ever their intention to use it on someone? Seems a pretty stiff penalty to give someone the death penalty when you could never truly know their intentions or if they would have gone through with it.Edits made for spelling, punctuation and just generally awful flow of the paragraphs. Hopefully most have been caught and ~~killed~~ I mean, uh... fixed.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It doesn't seem like the moral arguments are changing your mind, so I'll try taking a different approach. The death penalty for armed robberies would be insanely, unrealistically expensive.  Death penalty cases cost way more than even life in prison, because we want to be really really sure we're right before we execute someone.Last year, according to the FBI, there were about 345,454 armed robberies in the US.  The actual costs of a death penalty case vary, but somewhere around $1,000,000 seems like a pretty common estimate.  So, in a year, we're looking at about $345,454,000,000.  Is that really worth it?  Are the benefits (reduced crime rate, comfort to the victims...) really worth the 300 BILLION dollar price tag?  Who's paying for that?  Is that really the best use of the money?Morality aside (and for the record, I'm very morally against it), death penalty for armed robbery would just be too expensive.https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/violent-crime/violent-crime-topic-page/violentcrimemain_finalhttp://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penalty	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
∆Thanks, I didn't realize deathrow cases were so incredibly expensive and drawn out. While I think there should be a 3 strike rule or something for violent crimes of this nature, maybe putting them to death isn't the answer. Thank you.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/CarrotMcGee. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/CarrotMcGee)]^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][/r/DeltaBot]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
That would cost so much damn money to have all those appeal cases (which is automatically required of every death penalty case in the US) as that's a decently common crime. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
As someone who is completely against the death penalty, i could not disagree with you more, if any people ''have'' to be put to death, they should be the absolute worst of the worst, Serial killers, Child Murderers, Terrorists. people like that, certainly not People who commit robbery, even if it is with a weapon.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
If the punishment for sexual assault equals the punishment for murder, there is no incentive for the perpetuator to leave their victims alive after the act.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
And the punishment for theft should be to have a hand cut off yes?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
There is a bit of differance in stealing a loaf of bread and ruining a child's life.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Imagine how much worse it is your falsely convicted of rape or theft.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
that didn't seem to stop thieves when it was actually in place. if the death penalty isn't an effective deterrent, what makes you think that cruel punishment is? civilized societies rehabilitate their criminals, extreme punishment isn't a viable way of doing that.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Think of how many potentially useful members of society would be crippled and made significantly less useful for one minor crime. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Theft has remained overwhelmingly common for thousands of years, despite a history of draconian punishment, which speaks volumes as to how effective it is. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
So a starving person steals a loaf of bread, and gets there hand cut off... maybe they can eat that	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The government can't do that because they would be denying that person the right to have children... but the bigger issue with that is that castrating them isnt going to stop them from having pedophilia, which is a mental issue, not effected by sex organs. They could still victimize people	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I have two counterpoints:1)  Your solution does not allow for any leeway based on the nature of the case.  In your system, an 18 year old boy who had sex with his 16 year old girlfriend now spends the rest of his life in prison.2)  Why stop at just child molestation?  Recidivism rates for criminals are very high; you are statistically much more likely to commit a crime again if you have already committed it once.  You acknowledge in your argument that the potential for rehabilitation shouldn't matter in the interest of public welfare, so extending that logic means that **no** criminal should be trusted to rehabilitate.  After all, every crime has a negative social impact and many crimes produce long term damage for victims, therefore we should protect the potential victims of **all** future crimes from people who have shown a propensity to commit those crimes.Its not a large stretch to use your logic to put anyone who commits  any violation punishable by jail time in prison for life if we are to discount the possibility of rehabilitation.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Your 18/16 scenario is flawed. Romeo and Juliet laws exist for cases like this.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
They don't exist everywhere though, and they can be flawed even when implemented; there was a case a friend and I argued about where an 18 year old girl was convicted of statutory rape for having what would be consensual sex with her 14 year old girlfriend (freshman/senior), and the 14 year old's parents were super-religious and had her arrested. The 18 year old was convicted but the judge ruled that she wouldn't be put on the sex offender's registry.(In case you cared, the argument was that my friend was yelling about how adults shouldn't fuck children and it was inappropriate that the judge even considered that an option, while I said that cases like this were why we bothered with judges and didn't just have sentencing computers.)	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'm pretty sure they exist in all states, just the ages are defined differently, same as age of consent. The other thing I really dislike is how a lot of people view laws as so black and white and set in stone. We're not robots and laws shouldn't be interpreted as so inflexible. I guess I'm agreeing with you and I'm glad the judge took a middle ground for sentencing.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
They dont.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
They don't exist in my state. The moment you turn 18, any sexual relationship you had with someone younger becomes illegal and you can be persecuted/put on the registry. It's pretty damn terrifying.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Is it? There have been cases where this has happened. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I didn't include that in my post. An 18 year boy or girl who has a 16 year old boyfriend or girlfriend is not a sex offender in my eyes and what I am suggesting does not apply to cases like that. It applies to cases where a grown adult forcibly has sex or some form of sexual contact with a minor/child.Also though your following points may be valid, they don't address the original proposition. You're using the slippery slope fallacy. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 I didn't include that in my post. An 18 year boy or girl who has a 16 year old boyfriend or girlfriend is not a sex offender in my eyes and what I am suggesting does not apply to cases like that.Except that, per current laws, he **is** a sex offender.  Even if you change that law, where do you draw the line?  19/15?  20/14?  There will always be fringe cases and the law needs the flexibility to punish those cases appropriately.  It applies to cases where a grown adult forcibly has sex or some form of sexual contact with a minor/child.Which is what my 18/16 scenario was - a grown adult (in the eyes of the law) having some form of sexual contact with a minor/child (in the eyes of the law). Also though your following points may be valid, they don't address the original proposition. You're using the slippery slope fallacyHow so?  The crux of your argument is that the nature of the crime is so heinous that the potential damage to future victims should be prioritized above the potential for the perpetrator to rehabilitate and life a prosperous, lawful life.  Is this correct?My argument is that there are **many** crimes where an innocent victim is traumatized by a criminal; many more than just child molestation.  Rape victims often never recover from their traumatic events - should raping a child land you in jail for life but raping an adult doesn't?  Both criminals could very well go on to cause devistation so, based on your justification, they should both be locked up, right?If you argee to that, the slippery slope argument has weight - most crimes cause some level of trauma to the victim so, if the goal is to reduce future victim trauma, many more crimes will warrant life sentances.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 Which is what my 18/16 scenario was - a grown adult (in the eyes of the law) having some form of sexual contact with a minor/child (in the eyes of the law).I said "forcibly" How so? The crux of your argument is that the nature of the crime is so heinous that the potential damage to future victims should be prioritized above the potential for the perpetrator to rehabilitate and life a prosperous, lawful life. Is this correct?Yes.  ...should raping a child land you in jail for life but raping an adult doesn't? Both criminals could very well go on to cause devistation so, based on your justification, they should both be locked up, right?Yes. They should both be locked up. I was just focusing on child rapists because those are the ones that come up in discussion on Reddit concerning whether or not they should be rehabilitated or just locked away.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 I said "forcibly"No - this is what you said:  It applies to cases where a grown adult forcibly has sex _or some form of sexual contact_ with a minor/child.Unless you mean that non-forced sex with a minor is ok...  which is not what you mean.  You can't use consent as a metric here - sometimes the younger kid does think this is what they want to do and "consents" which is why we don't have that as a standard in statutory rape or child molestation charges.So my poor 18 year old is still in jail. Yes. They should both be locked up. I was just focusing on child rapists because those are the ones that come up in discussion on Reddit concerning whether or not they should be rehabilitated or just locked away.So by acknowledging that you want to apply this to more than just one type of crime, you are giving my "slippery slope" fallacy some legitimacy; you **want** it applied to more than just child molestation.So now we have rape and child rape on the books:- Murder - that is pretty traumatic.  Better lock all of them up- Assault - that can cause PTSD, which can be as damaging as rape PTSD.  They're gone- Robbery - that is pretty traumatic for a while.  Get rid of them.- Stalking - that is really traumatic.  Peace out!Where does it stop? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 Unless you mean that non-forced sex with a minor is ok...No it isn't ok.So by acknowledging that you want to apply this to more than just one type of crime, you are giving my "slippery slope" fallacy some legitimacy; you want it applied to more than just child molestation. So now we have rape and child rape on the books:     Murder - that is pretty traumatic. Better lock all of them up    Assault - that can cause PTSD, which can be as damaging as rape PTSD. They're gone    Robbery - that is pretty traumatic for a while. Get rid of them.    Stalking - that is really traumatic. Peace out! Where does it stop? I only mentioned rape of adults because crimes of a sexual nature-whether or not the victim is a child or an adult are often met with arguments saying that we should focus on rehabilitating sex offenders of all types so when they are released they don't commit more sex crimes.Of course not all crimes traumatize the victims to the same extent. You are using the slippery slope for crimes I haven't mentioned. Can we please just focus on child sex offenders?I'm only trying to explain why I believe the idea of rehabilitation for **sex offenders** is an idea that isn't feasible in moral terms. I'm not here to discuss littering or jaywalking.I'm here to discuss one thing: Is the rehabilitation and release of sex offenders who prey upon children feasible or ethical? So can you address that argument instead of going off on tangents about other crimes that I have never referred to in my original post? I'm trying to have a discussion to see if my reasoning is sound and if not can it be changed.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 No it isn't ok.Which was my point.  It isn't about the forced sex, it's about sex with a minor.  This still puts my 18 year old kid in jail for life, which you would probably agree isn't ok. Can we please just focus on child sex offenders?No, we can't for two reasons1)  You openly said that you want it applied to more crimes than just child sex offenders2)  The logic you are using to justify it is not exclusive to child sex offenders.  If you are going to propose that potential for rehabilitation should not be a factor when compared to the rights of potential victims, you don't get to draw a box around a single crime and claim that your argument is only valid inside the box.  If the majority of criminals can't be rehabilitated, you are proposing locking them up for life - even the ones that **can** be rehabilitated.  You can't hide behind a particularly heinous crime to protect yourself from defending the fundamental premise. I'm only trying to explain why I believe the idea of rehabilitation for sex offenders is an idea that isn't feasible in moral terms.Statistics say it isn't feasible for robbery, assault, drug use or vagrancy either.  All of those crimes cause trauma (to an extent) to victims as well. I'm here to discuss one thing: Is the rehabilitation and release of sex offenders who prey upon children feasible or ethical?That is not the CMV you submitted.  What yo submitted was:   _Sexual predators who prey upon minors should either be executed or kept in prison for life. No attempt at rehabilitating them for release back into society should be made._  I have been challenging the premise of that CMV.  If that wasn't the view you wanted changed, you shouldn't have said that. So can you address that argument instead of going off on tangents about other crimes that I have never referred to in my original post. I'm trying to have a discussion to see if my reasoning is sound and if not can it be changed?And I am trying to challenge that reasoning by challengin the premise you laid out in your expliation **and** the premise you agreed with me on earlier in this comment thread.  Apparently, that isn't the view you _actually_ want changed...	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 You openly said that you want it applied to more crimes than just child sex offendersBesides those who rape adults I haven't said I wanted it applied to more crimes. If the majority of criminals can't be rehabilitated, you are proposing locking them up for life - even the ones that can be rehabilitated. You can't hide behind a particularly heinous crime to protect yourself from defending the fundamental premise.I'm not proposing that the majority of criminals be kept in prison for life. I'm proposing that sex offenders who rape or molest children or other adults be kept in prison for life. I never said I wanted all criminals to be locked away. You are attacking arguments I haven't made.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Everyone is bringing this point up because they're trying to hit one of your points of logic. From what I see, your point of view goes like this.1. Child molesters hurt someone terribly and permanently.2. Any criminal who hurts someone terribly and permanently should be given the death sentence or life in prison without possibility of parole, regardless of potential rehabilitation or evident good behavior.3. Therefore, child molesters should be given the death sentence or life in prison.Everyone is trying to work on your logical point number 2. If they can destroy point 2, then your whole argument falls apart. You would have a logical inconsistency in your own argument.They're trying to show you that "you hurt someone badly" is not sufficient reason for life in prison.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I see your point.It isn't the trauma that happens after the crime has been committed, though that is a part of it, it's the crime itself and the potential for re offense.Raping a child is a horrible thing to do. Trying to compare its severity to beating someone up or robbing someone is false.   Any criminal who hurts someone terribly and permanently should be given the death sentence or life in prison without possibility of parole, regardless of potential rehabilitation or evident good behavior.I may have made a miscommunication. This is not my claim at all. I'm not saying we should put people away solely for doing horrible things (Though that is what the law is for), I'm saying we should put child predators away for life because of the **potential** that they can inflict more harm as soon as they get out regardless of any attempt at rehabilitation.I'm specifically focusing on child molesters. I am not saying it should apply to every single crime because every crime is not as severe or comparable to raping a child. Apparently some people would beg to differ.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Okay so the 43 year old man did not have beat the 6 year old into allowing him access he bribed her with candy like her other abusers.... this is somehow better?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Perhaps. But clearly there need to be some sort of laws for this type of thing	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Seriously?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
We are getting off topic. This is irrelevant to what I originally posted.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Yes it is. You use force a lot. What if it's not forced. Does that change your mind on death? Is statutory the same as aggressive rape.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 Any measure that prevents children from harm is necessary and ethical. Even if it means keeping convicted sex offenders in prison for the rest of their natural lives.At what cost? Should all crimes against children result in execution or life imprisonment to "try and make the world a better place". Here are some crimes where the child is a victim: * Child Abduction/Kidnapping* Murder of a child* Child abuse (can be physical and not sexual)* Production/Possession/Viewing of child pornography* Sex with anyone under the age of consent * Soliciting a minor * Neglect of a child* Child abandonment * Sexting with an underage personAccording to your logic we should execute people who get arrested for any of the above crimes. Obviously some are worse than others, but do you honestly believe every single person who gets a charge related to a crime to a child has no chance of changing their ways and instead the ethical decision is to kill all these criminals? How far are you willing to go to protect children? What makes children so special that people who murder or rape adults aren't required to be executed or imprisoned for the rest of their lives? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 Any measure that prevents children from harm is necessary and ethical. Even if it means keeping convicted sex offenders in prison for the rest of their natural lives.I apologize if I wasn't clear. I don't mean in general. The context I'm referring to is in relation to sex offenders. I'm not proposing anything for those who neglect or abandon children.I'm only talking about the rape and molestation of children by sex offenders who are released from prison. Anything else is just slippery slope fallacies and irrelevant to this discussion.It seems as if the only flaw in my post that people can find is that it can lead to a slippery slope. How about you address what I actually specifically proposed instead of going off on tangents?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I don't see how its going off on a tangent. Are you saying that none of the other crimes against children should be held to as a high a degree (I guess you think rape is worse than any other crime?). Or do you believe that the other crimes I listed aren't committed by repeat offenders. By all means do stop replying to me because I "go off on tangents". But as I see this discussion it seems you're only willing to consider a very select amount of responses, convenient on your behalf, and the rest you dismiss as "irrelevant" because you're unable to form an intelligent response. When you suggest that we murder a select few amount of criminals, criminals who commit very similar crimes are definitely relevant to the discussion. This includes both rape against adults by repeat sexual offenders and crimes against children that might not be as bad in your eyes. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 When you suggest that we murder a select few amount of criminalsI said either we create a system of rehabilitation that has a 100% success rate (Not possible with modern technology), put them away for life, **or** execute them. I'm fine with any of those options.Murder wasn't my first resort. Putting them away for life is just as good to me as executing them. I don't care which one happens.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
If those are your options, how are we supposed to change your view? A 100% success rate is impossible, and the other two options are your view. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Explain that the moral cost of keeping child molesters in prison for life are higher than rehabilitating them and releasing them into society with the chance that they may re offend and harm other children.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  The context I'm referring to is in relation to sex offenders. I'm not proposing anything for those who neglect or abandon children.Why not? What is the distinction, in your mind, between sex crimes and other crimes? Sex crimes tend to have a very low recidivism rate compared to violent crimes, so this doesn't really make sense.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 In order to morally/ethically hold the view that you do, to be consistent in that view, you'd also have to take this stance with many crimes which we as a society have decided do not warrant throwing away the key over.Though there are heinous crimes that may be deserving of life in prison, I'm not focusing on those. I'm focusing on the one crime that people argue over what should be done with the perpetrator. Pedophilia is unique because it's inherent to the person. They can't help being attracted to children. They can help whether or not they act on those feelings. People often propose that since they can't be locked away forever they should be rehabilitated before being released. I'm saying this shouldn't happen for this particular crime because the chances of re offense outweigh the chances of success in moral and ethical terms.I'm not here to debate about whether or not shop lifting or bank robbery should be met with life in prison. That's irrelevant. I'm strictly focusing on a crime that many people say should be fought with rehabilitation instead of punishment.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Could you also respond to the other point of /u/gabrielamodesta? First, it can give someone a 'nothing else to lose' mindset more quickly, and may have some pre-incarceration unintended consequences (like, instead of just molesting them, maybe they kill them too). Can you really argue that a molester should be punished more severely than a killer? A living (but abused) child has an opportunity to move past the abuse, and live a full life. A dead child is dead. Both are horrific, but one is clearly worse than the other in terms of what has been 'taken'.If you threaten any molesters with the death sentence, then they're much more likely to **kill** the child instead of just hurting them. That way the child can't talk, right? And the punishment for the molester is the same no matter what.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 If you threaten any molesters with the death sentence, then they're much more likely to kill the child instead of just hurting them. That way the child can't talk, right? And the punishment for the molester is the same no matter what.We can't control whether or not child molesters kill or leave their victims alive. But we can control what child molesters in prison do. We can attempt to rehabilitate them, release them without any attempt to rehabilitate them, or we can put them away for life.Whichever option causes the least amount of harm to innocent children, is the option I'll consider to be the right one.I'm trying to find out which option is better for society and which option causes more harm to innocent lives.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[deleted]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Three points: * **[The recidivism rate for sex offenders is extremely low](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_offender#Recidivism)**. In other words, someone locked up for rape is very very unlikely to be found guilty of another rape. This is in stark contrast to other crimes, in which a drug dealer is in fact quite likely to repeat that offense. As mentioned in that link, sex offenders are the least likely type of criminal to commit their crime again, except for murder. * You mention people that rape minors as having an innate attraction for children, but actually **[not all people that rape minors are pedophiles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_sexual_abuse#Pedophilia)**. Some are, but some are not. Offenders might do it because of other reasons than sexual attraction to children. And while pedophilia seems to be an innate disposition, and not a choice, other reasons might be more treatable by therapy. * Finally, an important principle in our system of justice is that "**[better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackstone's_formulation)"**. We require very strong reasons to lock people up.If someone rapes a minor, that is a horrifying crime. They should serve an appropriate prison sentence as well as any monetary penalties, and should receive mental health treatment. But once they finish their sentence, we know as mentioned above that the chances of them doing it again are very slim. Yes, there is some chance they will, but to prevent that small chance you will need to keep a very large number of innocent people locked up in an unjust manner.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
This is an excellent post that addresses my argument. Finally, an important principle in our system of justice is that "better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer". We require very strong reasons to lock people up.This is valid. Yes, there is some chance they will, but to prevent that small chance you will need to keep a very large number of innocent people locked up in an unjust manner.You make it seem as if a large percentage of people convicted of raping or molesting a child are innocent people that were unlucky. If it means that x amount of children won't be raped or molested then that is something I'm willing to accept.Which I know many people disagree with but this is merely my belief. If I have to lock up 1 innocent person if it means keeping 10 actual criminals away also, I'll do it. It isn't perfect but no system is perfect. It's sad that innocent people get locked up but sometimes you have to make the best of a situation like that.I'd never let 10 guilty people escape to stop one innocent from suffering. Any other circumstance I would do my best to save that innocent person but in this case the cost is greater than the benefitI'd let 1 criminal get away to save 1 innocent person. But any higher than 1 criminal and I'm sorry but the cost is too high. If those 10 criminals escape and rape and murder more people, you basically let x amount of people die or be raped just so you could save one person. That doesn't make sense if you value the well being of others. Sometimes a small number have to suffer so an even larger group doesn't.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Sorry if I was unclear. I don't think that people that serve a sentence for rape are often innocent. They are generally guilty. However, after they **finish** their sentence, they are obviously not "innocent" in the sense that they did do something very bad in the past, but they are "innocent" in that they have no current crime for which they deserve punishment, and have a new chance to live their lives out of jail. A chance which, the data shows, most of them take, and do not commit another crime.If you do not let them out of jail, you will be imprisoning many innocent people just to prevent 1 actually dangerous person from being released.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 If you do not let them out of jail, you will be imprisoning many innocent people just to prevent 1 actually dangerous person from being released.You mean I'll be imprisoning many guilty/dangerous people from being released along with a tiny amount of innocent people?Like I said, the benefit of locking up many criminals outweighs the harm of also imprisoning a few innocents. Though some would disagree.It isn't like 50 percent are innocent and 50 percent are guilty. It's a a larger number of people who are guilty of child rape or molestation than those who were unjustly convicted. Which I believe is worth it and is a lot better both practically and morally than just saying "Well we don't know if 100% are guilty so let's release everyone"Releasing 10 dangerous people to protect 1 innocent person doesn't make sense considering 1 is not equal to 10 and you have to include all of the future victims those 10 criminals will rape or kill after they are released. Not that all 10 of them will re offend, but some of them will. And if the price of preventing those x amount of people from becoming victims of released criminals is having a small fraction of innocents locked up as well, then it is worth it.it's unfortunate that innocent people get locked up but that doesn't mean you free everyone to save one person. No system is perfect. Accept that and move on. You have to look at it rationally and without emotion. "If I release these 10 bad guys to save one good guy, what about the other good guys the bad guys will kill or rape once released? Surely that amount justifies keeping them all imprisoned."	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  You mean I'll be imprisoning many guilty/dangerous people from being released along with a tiny amount of innocent people?Maybe I wasn't clear, let me try again: After their sentence is served, we know that only 1 out of 20 convicted rapists will commit another rape. The remaining 19 will never rape again. So if you keep all 20 locked up, you are keeping **one** dangerous person off the street, at the cost of jailing **19** that are innocent of any chance of raping again.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I understand now.Is this rate the same for child molesters?Because a pedophile (unless he's been treated and even then) isn't going to walk out of prison and never think about a child in a sexual manner ever again. That's not realistic. Unless you can brainwash him or chemically castrate him, there's still the chance he goes back to his old ways. Which is what I want to prevent. Because any rape or molestation that could have been prevented should be. Even if the failure rate of any rehabilitation program for child molesters is only 5 percent, that's still too high for me. What are you going to say to the parents when you tell them their child was attacked by someone who the system guaranteed was cured of his impulses and that he posed no threat to society?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I see what you mean. But, why stop at 5%? If you are willing to go even lower, you can prevent even more rapes and molestation of children.For example, it is known that **[pedophilia is comorbid with substance abuse](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10327918), among other things: That study found that 60% of pedophiles had a substance abuse diagnosis, far higher than the general public. Given that information, we could consider taking inmates about to be released, that were **not** convicted with anything related to pedophilia, but that do have a substance abuse diagnosis, and keeping them incarcerated. Since pedophilia and substance abuse have a correlation, we will be preventing some future child abusers and child rapists from reentering society.In other words, why stop at people actually convicted of rape or abuse of a child, when we can predict who is at risk of doing so in the future? Most of our guesses would be wrong, of course, but if we use the proper scientifically-validated criteria - by making the best guess we can - we will prevent some rapes that way, at the cost of locking up a lot of people that are no danger to anyone.This is a hard decision to make. It's similar to speed limits: The speed limit might be 60 MPH in some area. If you lower it to 55, you'll save some lives, because people driving more slowly suffer less harm when they crash (or crash less). But then, why not lower it to 50, or 45, or 40? The lower you go, the more lives you save.We don't go all the way down because there is a **cost** to lowering the speed limit. Forcing people to drive slowly on a highway means a lot of wasted time on the road.The same is true with pedophiles. When we catch them we should lock them up. But we can't keep going to further and further extremes to prevent any chance of anyone being a pedophile from being out of prison, because the further we go, the more innocent people are locked up unjustly.At some point, we have to make a compromise and decide where to draw the line. Society has drawn that line at the current punishments for those crimes. We can debate if those should be a little longer or a little shorter, but once the time is served, the person should be let go.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  Because a pedophile (unless he's been treated and even then) isn't going to walk out of prison and never think about a child in a sexual manner ever again. That's not realistic.It is not a crime to think about children in a sexual manner. Sexual abuse is a crime.Keep in mind that most acts of sexual abuse towards children are not committed by pedophiles, and most pedophiles do not commit acts of sexual abuse. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  Which I know many people disagree with but this is merely my belief. If I have to lock up 1 innocent person if it means keeping 10 actual criminals away also, Are **you** willing to be that 1 innocent person?  Are you willing to have your entire life taken away from you to keep those 10 guilty people in jail?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Yes. And even if I wasn't it wouldn't make it wrong.It would make me a hypocrite but it wouldn't make the argument wrong.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I used to think very similarly to you on this point. I have recently read a historical series of narratives called "The devil in the grove" about Marshall And the NAACP in the south.  While I pray that the false convictions and the murders of innocent people as "justice" don't happen any more, I'm not so sure.  This book has drastically changed my view on "justice" in this country not too long ago. While we do have DNA and other technologies which drastically help decrease false convictions I feel myself horribly naive in my assumptions about innocence and guilt and our legal system.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I acknowledge your edit, but I don't see how can you make that distinction. Can you explain to me how is child rape different than any other crime? I read your other replies, apparently it's because "They can't help being attracted to children", how is that so? What about murderers or thieves or even white collar criminals? Why don't you say they can't help "being attracted to" killing, stealing or whatever?Many other crime, if not all, will cause "more pain and suffering", arguably not in the same scale, but they will. If we go no second-chance with child molesters, we'll have to do it to a lot of other crimes, which (I imagine) you would agree really unreasonable, am I correct?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 we'll have to do it to a lot of other crimes, which (I imagine) you would agree really unreasonable, am I correct?It would have to be a case by case basis. Someone who beats someone in a bar fight wouldn't be punished to the same extent as a child rapist.Someone who robs banks shouldn't be punished to the same extent.I could go on and on.My opinion is not that we should put every single criminal away forever.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Chemical castration is a much better alternate solution. A scheme was introduced in some parts of the UK where inmates could voluntarily chemically castrate themselves for a reduced sentence but it ran into legal issues. It rendered the inmates impotent and it was a great success before it was stopped. It can be introduced as a preventive measure as well. Most paedophiles do want help with their urges and if chemical castration was easily available, I think it would be both more humane and more effective.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
**This** is what I wanted to hear. Your idea sounds reasonable.How successful was it? How many offenders went on to re offend after being chemically castrated?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 How many offenders went on to re offend after being chemically castrated?Who cares? According to you, even is the answer is "1%," it's still not a good enough solution. Throw away the key for all of them.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Stop getting aggressive. You're just acting ridiculous.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
OP is acting ridiculous by ignoring points and saying "that is not related" all over the thread	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I would like further information on the topic. Is that bad? 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It was fairly successful. I can't find exact numbers as it's a fairly new development, but in Scandinavian countries where it is quite widely enforced reoffending rates fell from 40% to 5%.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Were any other treatments tried or did they immediately go to chemical castration?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It was a voluntary thing for any prisoner with dangerous sexual thoughts e.g. paedo/necro etc. so it would have varied but I would assume it would have been the box standard therapy/support stuff.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
So it was voluntary. If I was implementing it I would make it mandatory if they want to be released.Because if we are trying to protect society from these people, we have to do whatever is necessary to make sure they don't re offend.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I want to agree with you on the mandatory thing but i think in this case, one of the key factors is that most of the chemical castration was voluntary.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Fair enough.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
**NOTE: I WILL BE USING SOMETHING LIKE YOUR "SLIPPERY SLOPE FALLACY" AS PART OF MY ARGUMENT. I WILL ADDRESS WHY I USE IT AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS POST, EVEN THOUGH YOU SPECIFICALLY SAY NOT TO USE IT.**I agree with many other peoples' posts here, but I noticed a trend in your arguments in which you argue that the cost of letting people who would hurt somebody else go free does not outweigh the detriment of imprisoning someone who would never do such an act again. This is what I will address in this comment, as it seems if I addressed anything else I would just be typing the same thing as other people. When people commit a crime and are caught, they pay a price to society. They are locked up or sentenced to community service or whatever as punishment, and once they have served their time they are set free. The punishment varies, but let us assume that the punishment given by the government is for the most part fair. (If we assume that it isn't, that is a completely different issue to address.) Now in this particular case, we are talking about molesting children, or more specifically, sexual offenses towards children (which are not always caused by people who are pedophiles). For my example, though, I will use the example of theft. Let's say somebody robbed a bank and was caught by the police and went to jail for however many years the court has mandated them to be in jail. After their debt to society was paid, (no matter how arbitrary the number is, they have paid their society-issued price) they were let free under the assumption that they would never commit theft again. If they were mentally ill, they also received care for that. The question now is this: Does the government allow him to go free after paying his debt, or do they keep him imprisoned under the assumption that he may steal again? This is a question about our rights as citizens, and how a justice system can deal with our rights for our offenses. I took theft as an example, which has a much higher repeat offender situation than child molestation. The question is not whether they will commit the crime again, it is whether we can morally punish people for crimes they have not yet committed. Now, let's ASSUME that if you have molested children before, it will increase your probabilities of molesting children again. This is an assumption. It is probably not true. (I have no numbers for it, though.) In your argument it would be alright to lock up all sexual offenders indefinitely the for a first offence, rather than allow them to go free. Note that this is the punishment generally given to serial killers. This punishment is not given even towards most murderers or rapists. By this logic, the probability that you will be a terrorist who hijacks a plane increases if you happen to be Muslim. Does this mean we should lock up Muslims for crimes that they have not committed? This is a pretty extreme case, though. Let's take the case of a man who was selling narcotics, which is a crime that people have a much higher chance of returning to once out of prison. Is it moral to imprison them indefinitely because of a crime they might commit? The problem isn't that they might commit the crime again. The problem is that we are the ones committing a crime if we are to imprison them indefinitely for whichever crime. Also, in terms of sexual predators who target minors: yes, this crime is terrible. It is arguably worse than murdering somebody or raping somebody. Arguably. Yet people who have gone to prison or had current treatment for this crime have one of the lowest rates for committing it again, especially with treatment such as chemical castration. **Slippery slope "fallacy" argument:**Now in this comment, I have argued that we should not lock people up for crimes they have not committed because of the moral issues with it. I have not implied that you mean to lock people up for the other crimes which are not sexual assault of minors. Most of these were analogies to imply that the moral consequences of imprisoning (or executing) people for crimes they have not yet commit. A slippery slope fallacy implies that I argued that executing people who commit sexual assault would lead to executing people for other crimes. I did not imply this. If anything, I committed a naturalistic fallacy, in which I implied that it is more morally wrong to lock up innocent people than it is to allow them to commit the crime a second time. I am familiar with logical fallacies, and I am aware that nearly all arguments people can make about any particular issue will generally have one. Note that there is also a logical fallacy called the "Logical Fallacy Fallacy", where it is a logical fallacy to imply somebody has a moot argumentative point when they have used a logical fallacy. But I digress. I am not implying that doing what you say will be a slippery slope to doing other things. The biggest point of my argument is this: **It is irrelevant whether they will commit the crime in the future. It is morally wrong to incriminate people for crimes they have not yet committed.You have a large moral argument against releasing sex offenders for what they may do in the future. I argue that not releasing them is also immoral. (It also breaks the 5th amendment I think if you live in the US. Something about due process of law or punishments that are too extreme. Sorry if I got the amendment wrong, I didn't do much research for that.) In the end... is it moral to execute or imprison for life an individual for something he hasn't done?**PS: I am also aware that using analogies is a logical fallacy if the analogy is not well-suited.  I believe my analogy was well-suited enough. I guarantee you that if we were to comb through your arguments on these comments or the OP, we would find many fallacies. Don't be so quick to judge others on fallacies in their arguments when yours probably has some, too. (I acknowledged that my argument also has some fallacies.)	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You should change your view because it is based on a overly strong principle that would justify pre-crime. *Any measure* that prevents children from harm is necessary and ethical.This principle would justify preemptive incarceration of anyone determined to have a greater-than-zero chance of harming a child. If we found, for example, that a certain category of people was 1% more likely to harm children than any other category, this principle would justify us in locking them up before they ever did anything. There is no meaningful difference between incarcerating a person on the grounds that they may assault a child after they have already done so versus before. In either case, we are punishing them for something they have not done and may never do based on our assessment of the risk they pose. If you do not support this, then you will have to look at the parents of a raped child and say: 'We knew the man who assaulted your child had a greater-than-zero chance of doing this at some point, after all he was a [insert group here], but we didn't arrest him. We had to wait until he *actually* assaulted a child. We're sorry it was your child.' That's fucked up and inconsiderate, don't you think? /s	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I think the problem is that life in prison for a pedophile is also a death sentence.  Either they're completely isolated in which case many would just commit suicide.  Or they're exposed to other criminals who don't care much for pedophiles and you run the risk of them just getting stabbed to death or beaten.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Is that a bad thing?That's unfortunate but like I said, I value the well being of the victims and would be victims over that of a convicted rapist or molester. I don't have much pity for some sick monster who raped/molested children. Neither should any reasonable or moral person.And there are ways to protect prisoners from the general population within the prison.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I believe in punishment not cruelty.  I disagree that a pedophile should be either isolated or thrown to the wolves and I wouldn't want someone to falsely accused and executed.  I think a year of therapy to determine who they truly are and then a hearing to decide if they truly should be put away for life is a better plan.  If they don't display remorse for their actions and tend to show more signs of sadism than yes I think they should be locked away forever but if not they can come to a decision on how long they remain incarcerated.  This way someone falsely accused or someone who finds what they did deplorable can at least get off easier than someone whose clearly not sane of mind and shows little remorse for what they did.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I want to focus on an angle you may not have considered. I have no idea if we have effective rehabilitation techniques to reform child molesters, but I have to believe that if we don't now, we will one day have the knowledge and technology to achieve it. Right now I feel we aren't conducting enough research to find out what causes this phenomenon to occur in the brain and how to prevent it. I think research could be done on some limited scale within a prison environment, but you would get a truer data set from all walks of life if your subjects were living out normal lives in the world. For this to work you would need some forgiveness from the population. Obviously the subject would have to be cooperative and really want to reform, but I believe some people deserve that chance. Another point on the subject of forgiveness. It's natural to demonize people with these urges, because it's utterly unrelateable. No one can put themselves in the shoes of a paedophile. It's like, "have you tried NOT being a paedophile?" Well these people are aware of what society thinks of that and they fear what will happen if they come out about it. They may be able to get help from a therapist but they try to bottle it up. Maybe the urges get to be too much and they commit an atrocious act. Or maybe they don't. Many paedophiles never act on their feelings and realize they are not healthy thoughts.Anyway, I think we would be more successful with an approach of helping people before they become dangerous.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  Anyway, I think we would be more successful with an approach of helping people before they become dangerous.I agree.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Do you realize that the child molesting predator your talking about is very rare? More than 90% of sexual molestation cases involving children are perpatrated by a family member or close friend? This type of offender doesn't re-offend often, and can be helped. It is usually just a case of oppertunity, not grooming or predation.The old idea of a stranger on the playground watching your kids for a chance to grab them in a windowless van is just laughable. While rare, it is these type of offenders that go out and prey upon children, but even in these cases, death is not the answer, and never is. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I didn't say death was the answer. I said they should be imprisoned for life OR executed. I don't care which.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Execution almost always results in death...And prisons are already over crowded and underfunded.  You wanna lock up everyone who molests a child for life which could be 60 years? There isnt space, nor are there funds to house and feed someone who isnt likely to reoffend. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Shoot them then	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You sir, are being an asshat. If you think killing anyone is a form of punishment for any reason, then you are deranged. I submit to you, that no matter what anyone says, you will not change your ass backwards way of thinking, Good day to you sir.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[I guess that means that 56% of Americans are asshats and deranged.] (http://deathpenaltyinfo.org/node/6118)	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Yeah, and according to your own source, that number is on the decline... probably cus that 56% keeps going out and killing each other... 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Yeah definitely even though murder rates are lower now than they have been in years.I guess if you support the death penalty you are a crazed bloodthirsty degenerate who can snap and kill someone on a whim.Have fun attacking your death penalty strawman.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[removed]	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Sorry justin1983r, your comment has been removed:   Comment Rule 1\. "Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s current view (however minor), unless they are asking a clarifying question. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to comments." [See the wiki page for more information.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1)  If you would like to appeal, please [message the moderators by clicking this link.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Removed+Comment+Rule+1+Post+Appeal&amp;message=justin1983r+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/3gwou8/cmv_sexual_predators_who_prey_upon_minors_should/cu2t60q\))	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
This is copy pasted from a previous talk I had with someone, but it's mostly relevant.1) Paedophelia is listed as a mental disorder under the DSM V (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Version 5) and without proper acceptance of it as such a thing people with the disorder, whether it be severe or temperate, help is not there or they will become an outcast if they seek help and it is found out by the general public.2) I want to point out the fact that not all sex offenders are paedophiles. Yes, they commited a crime. No, it was not always relating to a child. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_offender_registry...Excerpt: So an offender's tier is not necessarily based on the seriousness of the crime, nor does it reflect the danger or re-offense risk of the offender. However, offenses must be punishable by imprisonment for more than 1 year (i.e., a felony) to be classified higher than Tier I. Critics claim that mandatory registration requirement based solely on the virtue of a conviction makes sex offender registries less efficient in keeping track of more dangerous offenders, and *unnecessarily exposes non-dangerous low-level offenders to severe adverse consequences* of being labelled as a sex offender.The part that I attempted to highlight (the *s, Facebook isn't exactly discussion friendly) explains that there are situations where someone is not a paedophile and was put on the list.3, and relating to 2) Paedophelia is widely used for anyone under 18, while it is only correct for anyone under 13. People under 18 are minors.Via Wikipedia: Pedophilia or paedophilia is a psychiatric disorder in which an adult or older adolescent experiences a primary or exclusive sexual attraction to prepubescent children, generally age 11 years or younger. As a medical diagnosis, specific criteria for the disorder extend the cut-off point for prepubescence to age 13.Hebephilia is the strong and persistent adult sexual interest in pubescent individuals, typically ages 11–14.Ephebophilia is the primary or exclusive adult sexual interest in mid-to-late adolescents, generally ages 15 to 19.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  However, I believe the margin of error is too great to take the chance to release these people back into society as opposed to keeping them in prison for life or executing them.The margin of error of false criminal convictions is also not 0%. I think you will kill a lot more innocent people than will ever be protected by this measure.   But the human cost is too high.The human cost of executing hundreds of thousands of people is far higher.  No system is perfect. Chances are that out of all the sex offenders who are "rehabilitated", at least some of them WILL go on to rape or molest more children. Knowing this, we shouldn't release them at all.Chances are that of all people who are left handed, some of them WILL go on to rape or molest children. Does that mean we should execute left handed people? No. We don't punish people for crimes they may commit in the future. That is one of the most important tenets of western law.As far as prevention goes, child molestation has one of the lowest recidivism rates of any crime.  You can't heal from getting raped or molested as a child. This is **absolutely not true**, and one of the worst things you can say to a victim of such a crime.  I value the life and well being of innocent children more than that of those could harm them.The law values the lives of all humans equally. Justice does not play favorites. Justice is blind.  Arguments should address whether or not the rehabilitation and release of sex offenders who prey upon children is feasible or ethical. My arguments will address your proposal to execute all child molesters and rapists, which is neither feasible, nor ethical.  Try to avoid slippery slope arguments because I'm NOT proposing that any other crime besides rape or molestation be punished with life in prison. The slippery slope argument holds, because there are many cases of child molestation that have mitigating circumstances. For example, statutory rape cases in which consent was given, but deemed be invalid. There are **many** cases where the victims of such crimes would not want the perpetrator to be executed.Imagine telling a little girl that you are going to kill her father, whom she loves, because of a single incident that she reported. Imagine the psychological trauma that would occur from her knowledge that reporting this incident resulted in the death of her father. Imagine the chilling effect this would have on children everywhere, would would now be afraid to report minor cases of abuse, for fear of the extreme and barbaric overreaction of the legal system?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 The law values the lives of all humans equally. Justice does not play favorites. Justice is blind.Where are you from? If you're in the US, have you read the news paper in the last 20 years?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Whats the punishment for executing someone who is later found out to be innocent of the crimes s/he was convicted of? There are several reasons the death penalty is an antiquated practice, regardless of the crimes committed. For one, the [cost](http://www.deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=42) is much more than life in prison. In order to get to the point where the convicted is sitting in that electric chair, his case goes through a long and complex process (in addition to the original trial) to ascertain that the convict is, in fact, guilty of his/her crimes. Which, by the way, [doesn't even always stop innocent people from being dying](http://www.deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=49). In the last 40 years, 144 people have been exonerated, and only 18 of those had to do with DNA evidence. [Race](http://www.deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=54) also appears to play a factor, as well, when it comes to the accused as well as the jury. And the kicker, there is [no evidence](http://www.deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=82) that suggests it deters violent crime in any way.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'm going to focus on the part about giving these crimes identical sentences.  I'm sure many people will comment on the mandatory portion.I said this in a past comment but: assuming, for the sake of argument, the social harm of rape/molestation is identical to murder, there is still a strong rationale against your proposed policy. It's about balancing incentives.Making the penalty of rape and murder exactly the same creates an incentive to murder rape victims because it allows the criminal to engage in risk-minimizing behavior without any added consequence. Either way, he faces the same possible sentence, but he gains (1) the silence of the victim; (2) the additional task for police to find evidence and follow extra inferences to both find the culprit and make a case, and; (3) the extra use of these police resources in the investigation. So, why not?Giving them identical sentences is very likely to create more murdered rape victims.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
This sounds nice but I don't think it really holds water as an argument. I've heard that only about 10% of rapes end up being reported to the police with less than that leading to a conviction. On the other hand more than half of murders end up being solved. The reason is that when someone is murdered it is abundantly apparent that something is wrong since the person is dead but when someone is raped only they know that a crime has been committed so if they are too scared to tell anyone it won't go to trial.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
How is a solved murder better than keeping someone alive, period? Murdering people still accomplishes all of the above even if criminals are wrong that it minimizes risk, since most people view a dead person as less of a vocal liability, regardless of what you've "heard" is true.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The point is murdering the rape victim actually makes them more likely to be caught so if their goal was minimizing risk they wouldn't do it.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
If that fact is true and well known by those raping.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
As a counter to this, a "rational" criminal would also have to consider the evidence aspects of these crimes. Rapes are often incredibly difficult to prove because they come down to a he-said, she-said case. One party claims the act was consensual; the other says it was rape. Without other evidence, it's difficult to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that a rape occurred.By killing the victim, the criminal removes any ambiguity. Instead of relying on the difficult nature of a rape conviction, the killer now has to achieve the near impossible task of destroying a body without evidence. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I never imagined that scenario, interesting. I guess in a way, yes this could be a real problem for the rape victim... and also in a way the murder victim. Your comment hasn't cmv becuase I believe the fear of death is more of a deterrent for people willing to do all of the above than that specific scenario. Thanks for the reply. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You "feel" death is more of a deterrent but on what are you basing this feeling?It's not really a specific scenario.  It's acknowledging that these crimes will happen regardless of whether *some* people will be deterred and of those people who are raped they are *more likely* to be murdered on top of it.  You've yet to present any reason to believe death is a deterrent under these circumstances, but let's pretend that it will have some deterrent effect for the sake of argument:  is it so important to kill a criminal that you'd sacrifice the lives of innocent people?Criminalizing behavior and the sentence that follows is as much about protecting innocent people as punishing or deterring bad people, whichever theory of justice you follow.  If you sacrifice the protection of 'good people' to satiate your bloodlust for 'bad people,' you lose sight of the point of having a rule of law.  I don't want to govern society in a way that incentivizes harmful behavior with the small comfort that we can kill them after-the-fact.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I understand your position, but i think its not about the specific "criminal" but the behavior. I feel the action of executing people who intentionally hurt others will have a mind set change in the vast majority of our population (which must drastically be lowered by our current laws) that are currently contemplating these acts. I dunno im on the fence... 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  I understand your position, but i think its not about the specific "criminal" but the behavior.The behavior you're trying to deter is the aggregate acts of criminals, so they matter.  I feel the action of executing people who intentionally hurt others will have a mind set change in the vast majority of populationBut *why* do you feel that way?  Is it just intuition?  Do you have research?  Are you basing this upon assumptions that haven't been probed at and are potentially erroneous?  What assumptions are those?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
There is [no proof](http://www.deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=82) that the death penalty stops violent crime. Why the death penalty? Why not life in prison?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
the poeple who would be detered by the death sentence are already being detered by prison time.  your just keeping honest people honest. the people who are not detered by the prison time probably arent goign to be dettered by the death sentence either.  people dont go looking to rape someone and think, "yeah, this rape is worth being put in jail/killed.  thats a fair trade for me."  no, they go out and think, "im not going to get caught."  as such, increasing the "detterent" isnt really goign to lessen the behavior.  and the incidents of murder being added to rape WILL increase with this policy.  i like your first point (they have shown they are unwilling to live in our society).  but i dont think the death penatlty is the way to solve that.  maybe life in prison or a prison island or something.  but what you are suggesting has too many negative secondary concerns with minimal positive results	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It has been shown over and over again that the death penalty is not a deterrent. 9 of the top 10 states in number of murders per capita are capital punishment states. How do you explain that?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
There is little empirical evidence that the death penalty acts a deterrent. If it were to act as a deterrent then we would expect decreased murder rates when a state introduces the death penalty. [This doesn't appear to happen:](https://www.dartmouth.edu/~chance/teaching_aids/books_articles/JLpaper.pdf) Sellin and others did studies of this kind too.These investigations again failed to reveal any additional deterrent effect dueto capital punishment.5 Both types of study have been updated by otherresearchers and the changing practice of executions since 1967 (first a ten-year moratorium, then their resumption) has been taken into account. Theconclusions--no indications of deterrence--remain the same.Other studies have looked at the short term and found no deterrent effect: In 1935 Robert Dann published an analysis of homicidesin Philadelphia during 60 days before and 60 days after five highly publicizedexecutions. Dann argued that the deterrent effect of the executions shouldresult in lower homicide rates during the post-execution periods. The resultwas the opposite; rates were higher than usual. Some 20 years later LeonardSavitz did a similar study, although in his work the critical days were the oneswhen death sentences were pronounced after well-publicized trials. Savitzfound no significant difference in homicides for the before and after periods The reason why it doesn't act as a deterrent, in my view, is that people don't always act logically by weighing up the possible consequences of their actions. If this were true then there would be no smokers, alcoholics, or heroin addicts. The majority of murders are a crime of passion, driven by rage or lust or other powerful emotions. These people are not thinking logically and will not be swayed by such deterrents. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Yeah, here's the problem:Just because someone is convicted of a crime, doesn't mean they're guilty.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Look at this guy's username. He knows what he's talking about.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The justice system is far from perfect.  In many cases, innocent people who have been either executed or sentenced to death were discovered to be innocent*. With your model, this would only happen more often.  If someone is imprisoned, there is always the possibility of freeing them if they're found to be innocent.  Also, the particular crimes you describe, namely sexual assault and molestation, rely often on the victim reporting it.  As unfortunate as it is, there are people in the world who could attempt to use this law as a kind of 'legal murder', by falsifying evidence and lying to investigators.  This could lead to the deaths of innocent people, simply due to the malice of another, which is presumably one of the very things such harsh deterrence is supposed to be stopping in this case.  *Even if this were not the case, it would still seem extremely risky to increase the likelihood of it happening.  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Some... have yes. For every one that is found innocent on death row (not a real statistic) there has to be around 500 who have admitted to violently hurting or killing someone who eventually have the posibilty of being released back into society.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Since 1976: Total number of executions: 1348Total number of exoneration's: 130Which makes the number closer to 1 in 10, rather than 1 in 500.And that's only the people to date who were *proved* innocent. Who knows how many of the 3000 some inmates currently on death row are innocent. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Do these innocent lives mean nothing?  These are people who, without committing any wrong, are having their lives taken by the very government that ought to be protecting their rights.  And this isn't just a few people, if you care to look into it, there's [plenty of info out there.](https://www.aclu.org/capital-punishment/question-innocence) According to one study mentioned, it was 1 in 20 death row inmates found 'not guilty' at later points in time.  Also, some people are capable of being rehabilitated.  At least some of the people that commit these sorts of crimes have been failed by society in a major way.  Their lives have been such that they, at least at one point, believed that committing such an awful act is acceptable.  I can't even imagine what awful things a person would have to experience for them to formulate those beliefs.  Their acts are reprehensible, but I wouldn't for a minute wish that sort of life on anyone.  If these people can be helped, and made to realize that this conduct is wrong, and maybe even someday become well-adjusted people, if there's even a *chance* of their lives being turned from cycles of misery and suffering, both on their part and on the parts of those around them, why should we give up on them?  	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Yeah, who needs evidence, data, or statistics when Dubbys says THERE HAS to be 500 bad guys potentially released.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
  Some... have yes. For every one that is found innocent on death row (not a real statistic) there has to be around 500 who have admitted to violently hurting or killing someone who eventually have the posibilty of being released back into society.If the state has executed at least one innocent person, then that makes us all accessories to murder and by your standard we should all be put to death.The death penalty is state sanctioned murder, it is immoral to the core.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
One, harsh punishments don't deter crime any more than a mild punishment.  Two, capital punishment is much more expensive than life imprisonment.  Three, innocent people sometimes get convicted of these crimes.What is the purpose of a prison/death sentence anyway? Is it to minimize the damage caused to the economy/society as a whole?  Is it revenge?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
im not really arguing your point here, i agree with you.  i was just wondering how you get that capital punishment is more expensive than life in prison? it seems to me that they would carry largely the same court costs but would also carry the cost of imprisonment (food, care, all the costs of running a prison, etc.)   	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Death penalty is more expensive because of the exhaustive number of appeals involved. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Are those appeals not present in life inprisonment? if we are actually removing people totally from the population forever, i feel like there would be appeals there. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
They aren't mandatory. The prisoner can apply for appeals, but he also has to (iirc) convince a judge to hear the case. Death penalty requires the whole process	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
okay.  that makes a lot of sense.  thanks!	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
 I am aware that certain circumstances can show that a person did a terrible thing through systematically making bad decisions; im asking about those who have chosen to destroy another persons life as they know it in a way that kills them, or harms them in a life altering way with no remorse or hate.According to this, the death sentence shouldn't be mandatory for these crimes. It should be used when the defendant is shown to have acted in the way you describe and considered irredeemable. However, the most common argument on this sub against making rape, molestation, etc. a capital offense is that it creates an incentive for the criminal to kill their victims since it makes it less likely that the victim will talk/testify and doesn't carry additional risk.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'm going to try something different for a change. Just imagine the following conversation taking place. Let us ask the horrible question - is it so bad to rape, murder and molest?Well - obviously - it is. So why is it?Well obviously because you did something someone else didn't want - that's why its so bad.  But we kill people all the times in war. But wait - its for a "moral" reason.  Well - what if I think the murder is moral? The person killed my grandfather in the war. Well - only the state can kill people. Why?Because it does it for the greater good of society So is it ok if the state does it for the greater good of society?Yes, I suppose.  So is sentencing someone who murdered to death good for society?Yes Why?Because it reduces the occurences of such crimes But harsher punishments don't necessarily translate to [better deterrence](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/facts-about-deterrence-and-death-penalty)It doesn't matter, its the right thing to do.  Why? Because these people won't be a productive member of society Are you saying that this punishment should be contingent on how much they add to society? That doesn't strike me as very fair. What would your reaction be to the following conversation?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Well first and foremost, they could be innocent and killing them never gives them a chance to be set free. Lots of folks have been killed and imprisoned unjustly, so until you get a perfect legal system where we know we have our man every single time, killing them is a tough sell.And there can be repentance and a turn around from murderers and rapists who can go on to be productive members of society. Many vietnam vets killed and raped and I'm sure some of them assholes went on to get nice jobs and have white picket fences and pay their taxes and never killed or raped again.Then we get into the whole grey area of rape/molestation where a 19 year old having sex with a 17 year old girlfriend would be put to death.We already have a sort of system where prisoners beat the shit outta molesters and rapists. So there's that.But yeah, your world would rely on a PERFECT legal system which is not something that exists. Further, there are different areas like accidentally hitting someone with your car, having a mental problem, and all other sorts of nuance that would not be seen if you just killed them all.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I'm opposed to the death penalty in general because I consider the dangerous criminals worth more to us alive than dead. Incarcerated for life, sure, but not dead. We can study them, psychoanalyze them, learn from them, and use that knowledge to try to prevent future crimes or treat people who might otherwise be inclined to commit such a crime. Killing them might feel like justice in the moment, but in the end it accomplishes nothing. Keeping them alive carries a chance (albeit a slim one) of saving a life. Seems like the more logical choice to me.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I think the best argument is how many times we have come so close to fucking up and killing an innocent man, if you sentence someone to life in prison at any point evidence can come out and they can be saved that isn't true with the death penalty once  you pull the switch you have eliminated any chance saving him. I mean look at the west Memphis three http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Memphis_Three	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The problem with any argument for the death penalty for ANY crime is that it has to involve revenge. -From a cost-benefit point of view it makes no sense for society as it has shown on average to be significantly more expensive to house and pay for the endless appeals for a Death Row inmate than it is for a life in prison inmate.-It has been proven that the death penalty actually does not act as a deterrent to murder, and therefore does not benefit society on that front either. This was considered the death penalty supporter's best argument, and it isn't even true.-And of course, innocent people can and have been put to death. This has happened. People are constantly being taken off Death Row after new evidence arises. This would not happen if the highest sentence for any crime is life without parole. The Death penalty is a sentence that once administered, cannot be commuted. -The death penalty is an easy way out for a society that really has failed to address the root causes for all the violence and murders. You look at other developed countries in Europe (who do not have the death penalty), and you see far lower violent crime and murder rates. The death penalty does nothing to fix that, and it's painfully clear.The only logical argument for the death penalty is to exact revenge on the perpetrator. This is not what society's laws should be created for. We have no right to decide that it is ok to take a life, just as the person who committed murder didn't have that right. We as a society should create laws that benefit society as a whole, which the death penalty does not. It simply benefits a small handful of grieving people who "want to see the son of a bitch die". It is quite barbaric, and has no place in a developed society. People who support the death penalty have a misconception of what the goals of punishment should be. If the only purpose of a punishment is revenge, then it should not exist.http://content.time.com/time/photogallery/0,29307,1989083,00.htmlcheck this out. This is a prison in Norway that is called the "most humane prison in the world". And it's far far more effective on rehabilitation and sending prisoners back into society than anything we have here in the U.S. Also, according to that, the highest sentence for any crime (including murder!) in Norway is 21 years. Want to guess how much lower their violent crime and murder rates are.There is a very good case to be made that the death penalty and our whole penal system is actually hurting society at the expense of "getting revenge" and punishing for the sake of punishing.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
It's possible that they could be productive in society; it depends on the case. But moreso my disagreement with this view is that I think the death penalty is wrong.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
First as many have already mentioned there is a problem of making sure the convicted are actually guilty. It's difficult enough with murder cases but rape and molestation are often even tougher since direct evidence isn't as common. Murders can have suspects railroaded and rapes and molestations can be false accusations.I think you and I agree on the main problem being the death penalty isn't as effective a deterrent as it should be. I would say the better method is to change the standard to absolute certainty (for example caught on video) to reduce appeals so the penalty is quick and less costly.However with rape especially but also potentially molestation an automatic death penalty would have the unintended consequence of giving them an incentive to murder the victims. If the penalty is the same for rape or murder, why take a chance on the victim getting you caught?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
[What punishment someone is given has nowhere near the effect on whether they'll commit a crime as how likely it is they'll be punished at all](http://www.sentencingproject.org/doc/deterrence%20briefing%20.pdf).Furthermore, as other people have pointed out, if you give rape and murder the same punishment that encourages rapists to murder their victims, because if they do that they're less likely to be caught than if they have a surviving victim who knows what they look like.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Not quite sure how to go about saying this but in the cases of rape/molestation, my preference would be chemical castration.I'm not sure how effective it would be, but the death penalty is too permanent in cases that are exonerated. With my option, this could be reversed if they are then exonerated and correct me if I'm wrong, but chemical castration would lesson the urges of them re-offending. Again this is pure theory on my part, but does help when it comes to the grey areas.Murder is a different kettle of fish though, still thinking about that one myself as it's a tough one.So I may only convince you halfway, or not at all, but any questions, feel free to ask.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
In response to your edit: at least before your criteria for this death penalty was clear, now you are muddying the waters. What determines whether a person has a sufficiently aggressive past? If a rapist committed minor vandalism in the past, is that a sufficient criminal record? What determines if they are a drain on society? If a doctor or scientific researcher molests someone do they just get jail time because they also contribute positively to society?Beyond these requests for clarification, I only have one more; what's the goal of this new death penalty? Is it meant to be punitive (only to cause punishment), a deterrent (to stop others from committing crimes by the threat of death), or is it (as your phrasing suggests) only to surgically remove "bad people" from society because they have a negative impact?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Idk. Death sentences are so very expensive to carry out, I don't think we need to be putting that financial burden on the justice system right now. If anything we need fewer people on death row and in prison in general, not more. Shit costs hella fliff. 	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
I think most people who are against the death penalty (in any form) have an understanding that, at some point in time, society has failed that individual ... both the guilty party and the innocent. Why was this person in the situation that created them? Why were they not identified earlier and 'saved'? To borrow from your own post, why was that person with a past history of aggression not 'corrected' in the 'correctional' facilities?To use a simpler example, should a starving man be put to death for stealing bread?The other answer is proof. Death is a final sentence. There have been 40? cases of innocent people being put to death due to bad evidence in the past 20 years. Being wrong on those cases makes 'us' just as bad as those who ruin lives. Once identified as wrongful, should the juries be put to death for ruining the lives of innocent men and women?And who knows how many people have killed themselves just on the claim of something like this. Like the poor guy in Romania that was all over Reddit the other day who killed himself and his son because he thought the police were going to arrest him for child porn. That's the kind of world you want?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Read Albert Camus' "Resistance, Rebellion, and Death". In it, he effectively argues how the death penalty just isn't an effective deterent.Based on the four purposes of punishment (retribution, rehabilitation, social protection and deterence), only social protection and retribution apply.... since rehabilitiation clearly isn't the case in execution. However, retribution is considered past it's use in modern society. I would allow the argument, but it just simply doesn't hold the weight it used to. So, we are only left with social protection. Why then should we murder these individuals? Can we not (1) lock them up or (2) banish them. This provides protection of society from them and doesn't require death.There is no doubt that the state reserves the right to take the life of any or all of its constitutes (at least, until revolution), but I think it would behoove us all to resist that right and settle for non-violent means.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
The main problem with this is, as you have pointed out, that there are always going to be false convictions. A very common court occurrence is when a teenage couple has sex then breaks up, and the female, who is technically not of age to give consent, is then able to appeal to court and have her ex incarcerated out of spite.Imagine this already rampant problem, except instead of imprisonment- which already sucks, but is easily revokable- it's just execution.There's a plethora of problems entailed by this. You aren't able to just heuristically assume that cases are clean-cut.	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Very common? Do you have any statistics in regards to this?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
Do you think women who cheat on their husband should be put to the sword also?	Death Penalty for heinous crimes (murder, mass murder, rape, child molestation etc.)
You propose to "fix" someone's free will and make them literally unable to act in certain ways?  Isn't that worse than killing them?And even if some criminals didn't see it that way, changing someone's sentence for undergoing a medical procedure is coercing them to undergo that medical procedure.  Therefore we could never ethically let that influence decisions regarding parole.  So the comparison can't be "death or nerve-stapled", it still remains "death or life without parole".  Nerve-stapling would just be an option for people who were already sentenced to life without parole that would let them rest assured they wouldn't be able to harm any of the other prisoners.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I agree, that's messed up and more perverted than killing people. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Kubrick made a nice movie out of it, though. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
The book is right horrorshow, too, O my brothers.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Gave me a pain in the gulliver, though, it did.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
At first I thought it but cal writ by some starry old veck, but I pony it much better now, yes.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Is it? Letting them live in a collaborative society without the will to choose to kill is really worse than not living at all? Then we the readers who have banned books in the USA should leave because better to live in a society with no books then in one which allows only certain books to be read. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Your logic is off	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Expand upon this.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Then show evidence or even an argument to change my view. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
that is not at all what I said. Brainwashing is bad, what on earth are you trying to get at with your terrible book analogy?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I dont know anymore. Is it better to live in a society with limited freedom or in solitude with absolutely no rules. Would the murderer in this case trade in his ability to decide to commit crimes to be able to coexist in society? Or should he let his decision lead him to death?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I'd argue that it isn't evil to "fix" people like this.  Let's say that I'm a paedophile.  I don't want to be a paedophile; I am able to, with great force of will, force myself to not act on my impulses.  But it is still a very unpleasant existence, where I will never be able to enjoy the full range of human experiences and where society will always be suspicious of me.If someone came up to me and told me he could "fix" me, I would go for it.It's the same if I were a kleptomaniac.  I don't really want to have the impulse to steal things all the time; and it's only with a great deal of willpower that I'm able to be a proper human being.  I'm losing out on what others have all their entire lives.  If someone can help me, if someone can cure me - I'd go for it.Same with the sociopath, or the psychopath, or the pathological liar."Curing" these people would not be an infringement of their human rights - it would be allowing broken people to have a life once more.  I believe that any rational person would much rather be able to have those impulses removed rather than to live a precarious existence with them.  Or, in the case of the death penalty, die for them.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
You're listing actual mental diseases where the cure is changing the brain's chemistry.  OP is talking about someone who murders someone so they either get put to death or life without parole. We would "fix" the murders brain so they could no longer murder.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I don't think it's different. OP did not go into any specific details, but I believe he is talking about "normalizing" people in the same way, adding empathy and removing perversions, not making it *physically impossible* for them to commit murder.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Which would almost certainly be a change of brain chemistry. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
The argument here is that with sufficient understanding of the brain, any neurochemical or neurophysiological configuration that would lead someone to murder *is* a mental disease. Murderphilia instead of pedophilia, if you will.For a good philosophical discussion of this issue I'd recommend [this episode](http://verybadwizards.com/episodes/59) of the Very Bad Wizards podcast. In my opinion it boils down to one's position on determinism/compatibilism with respect to the free will problem.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I don't know. I still think I'd much rather have my mind altered than be killed. Maybe others would rather die?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Should have thought about that before you hypothetically murdered all those children.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
sounds like A Clockwork Orange	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Literally the only freedom being taken from them is a freedom that if they exercised they'd be put to death. It doesn't seem like much choice is being taken from them. You're just refusing to look at the idea of tinkering in people's minds. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
A Clockwork Orange? 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
How is being rendered mentally averse to committing a crime worse than being executed? Can you expand on that?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Everyone dies.  Not everyone has their humanity stripped from them, leaving them a mockery of their former self.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I agree, but I don't believe that that's what is being proposed by the OP. If we were talking about total external control of one's brain to make them a slave to the state, I'd be very much against such a scenario, but no one is advocating for that.How is being rendered mentally averse to committing a crime having "their humanity stripped from them, leaving them a mockery of their former self?"----(Not as relevant to the OP's post but something I'm curious about):Also, as an aside, if being prevented from acting in a certain way is indeed a fate worse than death, what do you think about imprisonment, especially imprisonment for life? That's a *far* more invasive restriction of freedom (compared to the influencing of an aspect of one's psyche) that is typically considered less harsh than the death penalty. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
OP talked about changing my psyche and guaranteeing.  Maybe that colored my interpretation.I would say fine &lt; corporal punishment &lt; short imprisonment &lt; maiming  &lt; long imprisonment=death &lt; rewriting my psyche.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I don't know what "fix" means nor can I give any reasonable inference as to what it will mean.  It's not set to a "medical procedure" that's going to "influence decisions."  It's not a black and white issue.  I don't know what the future is.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Can you give me an example of some kind of plausible future development (no matter how unlikely it is to be developed in the next century) that meets your criteria?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I am not he and don't really like this CMV, but regardless. It is plausible that advances in psychology could prevent most recidivism, as most people aren't psychopaths removing them from crime inducing environments and offering very good therapy could theoretically stop them from committing more crimes. If they in fact do have mental issues better chemotherapeutics for mental issues may help. However I don't think 100% certainty is possible here, for that you might need a shock collar. However I don't think the methods proposed are immoral. However such advancement in therapy seems unlikely for the moment. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I don't know exactly what you mean.  Can you be very specific?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
You are asking us to make a moral  judgment based on something that may never come to pass. Unless you have some specific evidence that what you think might happen will happen, how can we possibly use it to make moral decisions today?  Zebras might fly, trees might burst in the volcanoes, the sun might turn into cheese, those are all technically possibilities but none of them help me live today and are silly to think might actually come to pass. You need evidence, and you are presenting none. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
It is impossible to change the view of a man who does not understand his viewpoint. This is a losing argument.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  You are asking us to make a moral judgment based on something that may never come to pass.That's exactly my argument.  Unless you have some specific evidence that what you think might happen will happen, how can we possibly use it to make moral decisions today? ... You need evidence, and you are presenting none.I don't think it requires any evidence other than the future is assumed to be uncertain.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
But then your argument can be aplied to everything: it is immoral to &lt;insert stuff here  because the future might do...something.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
It is immoral to reduce risk of lung cancer, since that might cause someone to be motivated to research it more and come up with the cure that wouldn't have existed, if that person hadn't gotten cancer themselves...	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I would argue that with psychology and neurology being pretty new sciences, and psychiatry a very young form of medicine with so much to gain in the future, OP's argument has a lot more merit than any old random thing. I think a lot of criminal activity spurns from undiagnosed mental illness and our whole system, if it progresses healthily and based on scientific evidence, will shift toward rehabilitation and treatment for mental illness in the future. Mental illness might also become more broadly defined in the future, or at least we may admit that most people can benefit from psychiatric treatment of some kind. I can't change OP's view because I relate to it too much, but I also think that people focusing on OP's "lack of evidence" wastes time and misses the point.But I am a psych student working in public services, so that's my bias...	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 OK, I've got a bag and in that bag is a mysterious substance. You can't see it and you have no idea what it is however I promise you in the future there is a distinct possibility that what I have in my bag will be incredibly valuable. I will sell it to you for the meager price of $500,000.  Are you willing to purchase that bag based on zero evidence that it actually contain something that might one day be valuable?  More to the point, do you expect anyone to agree with you if you have no evidence? 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
OP is explicitly prohibited from "getting people to agree with them" by Rule B, so it's rather irrelevant to changing his view to say that no one might agree with them. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
The point they are trying to make, is that you can argue that in 2 years angels from heaven will rain down JusticePunch^^TM and rescue humanity from all crime. We don't know the future and can't know the future, but something implausible like that can likely be ruled out. What you seem to be implying is a medical procedure or psychological hypnotism that can control a person's actions. Maybe you mean a microchip, or a drug, or physical corrective torture, or extensive rehabilitation training, or fucking brainwash waves, but no matter what kind of mind control the future hold, that's the future and in any case, wrong. You can't spend inordinate amounts of money now in the hopes that some miracle will happen in the course of a criminals lifespan. To be fair, the death penalty at present is in no way cost effective, and there is an abnormally high number of "false positives". The system itself needs to be reworked, but while its under heavy fire as to its existence, that can be difficult to achieve. No matter what the individual did, the thing that most people consider "what makes us human" is our ability to choose. If you forcefully take that from someone, through drugs, therapy, or torture, you are in many ways the monster you're trying to change. You aren't ending a life, you are perverting an existence to better suit YOUR standard of normal without regards to their perspective. Who gets to decide what "Crimes" are punishable by reeducation? Now that we are "Better than the criminals" and we don't kill people, why should reeducation stop at the worst offenders? Why don't we do it to drug addicts, and thieves. Why not jaywalkers? Why stop at criminals? We can change the inner workings of anyone with "undesirable traits". Lets make the furries "Normal". Lets change gays, and republicans, and jews, and atheists! The issue of augmenting a persons ability to choose means you are effectively forcing your ideals on them in a way they have no defense for. I would much rather get a nice last meal and a 15 minute death ritual than have to live as some zombie dictated by some senators notion or "moral", and if we let politicians do it to the criminals, we'll let them do it to free people too. The possible future of reeducation exists, but should only ever be used voluntarily. The part of the US constitution regarding "Cruel and unusual punishment" is there specifically for this reason. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 it is immoral to act with the death penalty because we can or may be able to "fix" them at a future date. The death penalty is argued for on the grounds of justice, not merely as an efficient way to deal with problematic individuals.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
The purpose of justice is to create order in a civilized society. A punishment therefore should not be for the sake of justice but for the sake of order. Yes there should be severe punishments for severe crimes but death is not the only option nor is it the most humane option.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 The purpose of justice is to create order in a civilized society.No, that's a nice side-effect of justice. Justice could demand something that would create disorder - say, impeaching a popular president who has no obvious replacement. Justice isn't easy. Yes there should be severe punishments for severe crimes but death is not the only option nor is it the most humane option.Sometimes, death may be the most just and moral sentence. I see no reason to automatically accept that it's either inhumane or always one of a number of options.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
*Laws* are not for justice, laws are for order.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Laws are for the percieved  benefit of those that create them, not order.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 Justice could demand something that would create disorderThat is very true.What then would you say justice's purpose is then if not for order? Surely justice can't be present for the sake of justice. Sometimes, death may be the most just and moral sentence.In what cases? If other countries with similar modernized judicial systems like France, U.K., and Canada felt that capital punishment is unnecessary, clearly they've found ways around it.EDIT: a word	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 What then would you say justice's purpose is then if not for order? Surely justice can't be present for the sake of justice.What's the purpose of order? In what cases? If other countries with similar modernized judicial systems like France, U.K., and Canada felt that capital punishment is unnecessary, clearly they've found ways around it.That they do something different is no demonstration that they've 'found ways' to achieve justice without capital punishment. Saudi Arabia does things differently too. Quite orderly as well, last I checked. Are they doing a stellar job with justice?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
The purpose of order is so each of us can thrive without stepping on each other's shoes.Canada has 3 times [a lower murder rate](http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/Canada/United-States/Crime) than America per million people. [France](http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/France/United-States/Crime) and [U.K.'s](http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/United-Kingdom/United-States/Crime) rates are 4 times lower.Clearly they're doing something right. If any country follows the reasoning "justice because justice" then you're missing point of the people justice protects. Speaking of which: Saudi Arabia does things differently too.Well yeah. They follow the Sharia which holds pretty close to their religion. Where they take an eye for an eye literally. Justice for the sake of justice.Also you haven't answered my other question. What are cases where the death penalty is the most moral and humane?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 The purpose of order is so each of us can thrive without stepping on each other's shoes.What's the purpose of that? Clearly they're doing something right. Would it be 'having vastly different demographics'? Well yeah. They follow the Sharia which holds pretty close to their religion. Where they take an eye for an eye literally. Justice for the sake of justice.Yep - with a lower murder rate than the US too. Hong Kong? 0.6, putting Canada to shame. Qatar? 0.8.Shall we be emulating them? What are cases where the death penalty is the most moral and humane?Oh, easy. A man breaks into a woman's home. She tries to scream, and he immediately cracks her in the head with a bat. Her preteen daughter is in the room and is panicking - he ties her up. Then rapes both of them. Then kills them.That is one case where the death penalty is the most moral and humane.Now, if it turned out that he would never, ever do this again, what do you think about letting him go after this was confirmed, and letting him go to work in a nice job at the bank, where he'd be a productive member of society from that point on, and in fact quite wealthy, successful and comfortable?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  What's the purpose of that?What do you think is the purpose of morale and ethics, do you think it's been handed to us by god and has no natural purpose? No, ethics arises from both our biologic and societal evolution. Ethics enables us  to interact with one another and be more prolific which in turn leads to a happier life for most people.  Yep - with a lower murder rate than the US too. Hong Kong? 0.6, putting Canada to shame. Qatar? 0.8.Shall we be emulating them?The question is what we want more, freedom or safety? Everyone has different priorities. The death penalty serves neither freedom nor safety.  Now, if it turned out that he would never, ever do this again, what do you think about letting him go after this was confirmed, and letting him go to work in a nice job at the bank, where he'd be a productive member of society from that point on, and in fact quite wealthy, successful and comfortable?There is noway to confirm that he won't kill again, a therapy with a high improbability of a relapse as OP envisions would yield a reasonable security.But I also think that you can't take people's sense of justice out of the equation entirely. The death penalty however is no ample instrument for it, it's too final and the rate of wrongful convictions is way too high.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Wow disproved me with my own sources. I don't think there'd any saving myself from this aha. You did splendidly. But one final note. A man breaks into a woman's home. She tries to scream, and he immediately cracks her in the head with a bat. Her preteen daughter is in the room and is panicking - he ties her up. Then rapes both of them. Then kills them.No matter how hard I try I still see a man. Not a monster. If he turned his life around, his joy is mine. But then again that's assuming he'd live to see the end of his sentence.Anyway those are just some final thoughts not really a rebuttal. My white flag is raised.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Justice has no societal purpose, it just is.  And it's evolutionarily ancient.  If you ask two dogs to perform a trick but only reward one, the un-rewarded dog will recognize that something is amiss.  [source](http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=97944783)  Monkeys do it too.  [source2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KSryJXDpZo)You can call that fairness, justice, or whatever you want.  But almost certainly, that recognition of inequality and the desire to see the scales balanced is where our sense of justice comes from.  That's really all "an eye for an eye" is.Edit: I guess I should say justice NEEDS no societal purpose, rather than HAS.  You can imagine that the threat of scales being balanced on you provides some disincentive.  	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Oh hell everyone in this thread should now go read platos Republic chapter one.  What does it mean to be "just" anyways?I don't think we should kill anyone	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
That argument holds no water, though:* It is cheaper, in money, to keep someone locked up for life than it is to execute them (in the US).* It is trivial to adjust the comfort of a prison stay to make life in prison either preferable to being killed, or less preferable.So the two justice arguments would be that either these pieces of shit aren't worth society's resources to keep alive, and that these pieces of shit deserve to die because of all the horrible stuff they've done.Since keeping them locked up is cheaper, the first argument fails. Since it is trivial to make life in prison more vengeful than simply killing them, the second argument fails as well.The third point is that you can release a prisoner if more evidence surfaces, whereas you can't do that to a corpse.So even if you think that the government has any business killing people, and even if you think that some people are simply irredeemable, and even if you think that the purpose of the justice system is to deliver vengeance instead of rehabilitation, prison is still preferable to execution. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  Since it is trivial to make life in prison more vengeful than simply killing them, the second argument fails as well.No.  People who believe in vengeance believe that the punishment must fit the crime and not that there is a specific amount of suffering that is appropriate to each crime.Besides, even if we were talking about Hitler himself there is a strong argument to be made that "we do not torture" is more important than giving him everything he deserves.  So if hypothetically American soldiers had captured Hitler, it would be appropriate for them to kill him or give him to Soviet soldiers, but not for them to torture him.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
If we attach any weight to the argument that "We do not torture", which is simply a statement without any supporting arguments, we must place equal weight in the argument "We do not murder defenseless people".In order for the statement "We do not torture" to make sense, we must examine *why* we do not torture. The reason that we do not torture prisoners to extract information is that it just doesn't work. However, the only reason that we don't torture people for shits and giggles - the reason that we wouldn't torture a person purely for vengeance's sake - is either that it doesn't serve a purpose, or that we feel that it is barbaric. However, both of those reasons apply equally well to execution. You can't argue against torture and argue for execution when the same arguments apply to both cases.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Unless you live in a country with a moral compass based on some holy books that are often interpreted to forbid torture but permit execution.  Where we draw these moral lines can't be derived purely on reason ignoring our religious history.  Besides how can you argue for imprisonment.  Depriving people of freedom can be argued against by the same arguments if we are going to try to rely on pure reason.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 Unless you live in a country with a moral compass based on some holy books that are often interpreted to forbid torture but permit execution.But since such an argument would just boil down to "We don't torture people but we do kill people, because God", it is countered by an argument along the lines of "Actually, we do torture people, but we don't kill people, because God". Besides how can you argue for imprisonment. Depriving people of freedom can be argued against by the same arguments if we are going to try to rely on pure reason.How so?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 But since such an argument would just boil down to "We don't torture people but we do kill people, because God", it is countered by an argument along the lines of "Actually, we do torture people, but we don't kill people, because God".Er, no.  It would only be countered that way if you can actually change my or most Americans' theology, which is a nontrivial task.Basically I and most Americans start with a premise: torture is never an acceptable just punishment.  It might be acceptable to extract information and might not, depending on practicality - but it is never an acceptable punishment.  That's just a premise based on theology and history that you will find most Americans hold.Most Americans do not hold the starting premise "execution is always wrong regardless of the crime".  Some do, and enough hold a related premise "execution is so inefficient in this country that it isn't worth bothering over" that execution is banned in some states without a majority.  How so?Just that if you are going to admit minority premises, there's one.  So to show why one minority premise gets to be introduced into the equation even when others don't, you'd need some compelling reason why.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Since nobody has ever presented a credible argument for the correctness of any religion, religious arguments can *always* be dismissed out of hand. If they can't, my argument that my God always disagrees with your God is a perfect refutation of any argument you can come up with. Whether more people agree with you or not is immaterial, because just believing in something doesn't change the world: The Earth wasn't flat even back when everyone believed that it was.The only arguments you make are axioms: They are impossible to argue against and thus by necessity impossible to argue in favour of. "Lots of Christians believe this thing" isn't an argument.To be able to credibly make an argument along the lines of "Most Americans hold that this principle is true", you'd have to show *why* it is reasonable to agree with them. As it stands, all of your arguments are just circular.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 It is cheaper, in money, to keep someone locked up for life than it is to execute them (in the US).So? It is trivial to adjust the comfort of a prison stay to make life in prison either preferable to being killed, or less preferable.So? Since keeping them locked up is cheaper, the first argument fails. What argument are you talking about? Because I sure didn't mention 'price' at any point here. Since it is trivial to make life in prison more vengeful than simply killing them, the second argument fails as well.It's also 'trivial' to make executions vastly cheaper. Dare I say, it's more 'trivial' than it is to make life in prison "more vengeful". You're equivocating like crazy here. The third point is that you can release a prisoner if more evidence surfaces, whereas you can't do that to a corpse.And if more crimes are committed in prison - if people are assaulted, maimed or even killed - what shall we do then? So even if you think that the government has any business killing people'The government is incompetent and untrustworthy' is a fantastic argument against the death penalty being used by the government, and close to a non-sequitur with regards to whether execution is itself just.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Fixing someone in that way raises the question: might we just be killing them and creating a *different* person? It also suggests we have an obligation to keep people alive regardless of the damage they've done to society. I think that's not true, and especially not if it's costly.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  Fixing someone in that way begs the question: might we just be killing them and creating a different person?If you accidentally strike someone's head and they lose a memory have you killed them? If someone has a brain tumor that influences their behavior and it is removed by a surgeon has the surgeon killed that person? If you give someone advice that changes their personality have you killed them? If the technology in question existed and someone used it to quit smoking would that be suicide?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  If you accidentally strike someone's head and they lose a memory have you killed them?No.   If someone has a brain tumor that influences their behavior and it is removed by a surgeon has the surgeon killed that person?No.  If you give someone advice that changes their personality have you killed them? That's not how personality works(it's more innate, according to current science), but this is more arguable than the above two examples since personality is more important than just being alive to many people.  If the technology in question existed and someone used it to quit smoking would that be suicide?No.___But these are all very different from doing something as dramatic as it'd need to be to take a psychopath(who're the people most likely to be impossible to rehabilitate through more traditional means) and give them empathy. That far more completely changes them than anything in your examples.  	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Where is the line? That is what I was getting at.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
There's currently no real line, because we don't understand the brain well enough plus at some point it's a problem of deciding what is/isn't essential to a personality. I'd put empathy in the essential category.But regardless, I don't think it's ever immoral for a society to dispose of those who murder, rape, etc. They aren't owed life, and by taking or damaging someone else's they lose any legal right to it which seems very fair to me. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
[deleted]	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I believe there is no cure for psychopathy that doesn't equate to fundamentally changing that person to the point that the original person just isn't there anymore. And I don't think forcing that on someone is any better than killing them. It's not a state of mind thing, it's not like depression or something more situational and chemical. There are also plenty of psychopaths who have as much control over their mental states as anyone else.Sure, some sort of "fix" could be offered as an option, but I don't think if you're in prison for any serious violent crime that you're owed that choice in any way or that it would be immoral for anyone to sentence you to death instead. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 I believe there is no cure for psychopathy that doesn't equate to fundamentally changing that person to the point that the original person just isn't there anymore.  It's not a state of mind thing, it's not like depression or something more situational and chemical. Well I'll stop you right there, because everything you've just said is [wrong.](https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/mindmelding/201301/what-is-psychopath-0) and there is more than an [abundance](http://psychcentral.com/news/2012/05/11/scans-show-psychopaths-have-brain-abnormalities/38540.html) of [literature](http://psychcentral.com/news/2010/03/17/why-do-people-become-psychopaths/12193.html) [available](http://www.psychiatrictimes.com/psychotic-affective-disorders/hidden-suffering-psychopath) to you so that you can understand why [you're wrong](http://www.psychologicalscience.org/index.php/news/releases/psychopathy-a-misunderstood-personality-disorder.html)Which this all raises the question, if you don't even understand what psychopathy is, why are you even trying to answer this question? What is the compulsion there? Again you can shill for the death penalty as you wish, but don't bring your misconceptions of mental illness into the discussion.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I'm not seeing anything to directly contradict me here. I'm not disputing that there are brain abnormalities in psychopaths, but a brain abnormality is not an illness or impairment necessarily. Sometimes we just don't like the differences, and define altering them as a fix - I'm all for allowing people to choose to alter themselves but forcing it on people isn't so far away from killing their personality. Your brain structure defines your personality, so dramatic changes to it can essentially render someone so different their former self doesn't exist anymore. I would make a distinction between that kind of approach and what we think of as a "cure". It's not like anti-depressants or cognitive behavioral therapy.  Several questions need addressing. What does the possibility that psychopathy is genetic say about human nature? What steps can we take to “correct” psychopaths and which of these is the most ethical? If it is true that psychopaths have damaged or abnormal brains, can we hold them responsible for what they do? Are there degrees of psychopathy, so that normal people may possess psychopathic traits?This ends pretty open ended too and suggests as I've said that it may well be innate. And it's hard to make objective distinction between damaged and abnormal in this case. For some psychopaths their abnormality may be beneficial to them or even others even if that isn't their intention.  	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
[deleted]	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Changing who I am, for the better, is always a good thing.  That's what human beings are for, that's why we exist - we always try to improve ourselves even further.  That's why we're never satisfied with what we have.Look, let's say that I'm a paedophile.  I have an irrational sexual attraction to children.  I don't want this kind of sexual attraction; it's closed off to me my right as a human being to have a normal sex life with a normal partner.  In addition, I always have to exert a great force of will to prevent myself from acting on my impulses.  I feel that I am a ticking time bomb.  The society hates me for it.And all of a sudden, some doctors come up and offers me an opportunity.  They can make those impulses go away.  They can make me a normal person once more.Would I go for it, even if it would change who I am?  Hell yes.  Your second point was regarding society's obligation to its individual members.  Of course we have an obligation for them.  Contrary to popular belief, death row inmates are people too.  Quite often, they're actually very, very broken people who got screwed over by the system so badly that they snapped and did something stupid.  The entire reason they are killed is because society has screwed them so badly that we don't know how to put them back together again.  Through the mistakes of society, they are denied a normal human existence, and their existence becomes a liability to others.  It's too bad for them; but since they cannot be fixed, society decides to kill them.If society can fix these people - if we can make them human, once more, if society can find a way to repay its debts - then, we should help them.  If you're still not convinced by the moral argument for the humane treatment of prisoners, then try the economic argument.Criminals are considered a liability to society because they do not actively produce anything.  The entire purpose of the prison system is to reform criminals so that they become useful to the society.  Prisoners who may not contribute to the economy no matter how much they are reformed are given the death penalty.  That's the economic explanation for the death penalty.Now, if we have a medical procedure that can make ANY criminal as productive as a normal member of the society - then of course we would not carry out the death penalty.  It's senseless, and is counterproductive.  The only rational excuse then for the death penalty would be if the cost of treatment exceeded the benefits that the prisoner could bring to society.  Of course, this brings us back to the moral argument - because a doctor can't very well deny a cancer patient treatment on the basis that they're 81 and probably won't be going off to work even if their cancer was cured.  Therefore, prisoners in general ought to be cured of their criminal impulses.  Because they deserve a chance at life as well, and also because it's economically beneficial to the society as a whole.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  I think that's not true, and especially not if it's costly.The thing is, it isn't costly. In the US, it is cheaper to keep a person locked up for life in a maximum security prison than it is to execute them. If you'd argue for making executions cheaper, you'd best keep in mind the fact that despite the majority of the costs of executing someone being related to trial costs, the US still manages to execute people who are innocent.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I am not pro death penalty in the current situation due to how flawed our process is currently, but the procedure of altering criminals to no longer be able to / inclined to commit crimes *could* definitely be expensive - remember the OP is supposing a hypothetical future here.  And of course, the death penalty could also be made much less expensive. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 Fixing someone in that way begs the questionNo, it raises the question. Those are different things.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
TIL, never really looked into that idiom!	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Thanks! People seldomly respond so positively to my pedantry.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I may not know what the future holds, but I know this ability to permanently and safely alter someone's personality and behavioral tendencies is not around corner. Unless you know evidence this is being developed/possible I have no reason to think such an ability will ever come to pass. Your suggestion is like saying it is immoral to have pets because the future might reveal them to be perfectly intelligent beings that are being dumbed down by their captivity. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 I may not know what the future holds, but I know this ability to permanently and safely alter someone's personality and behavioral tendencies is not around the corner"No you dont.  Nobody expects monumental breakthroughs, and they happen every day.  You cannot predict the future, nor can IThat being said, even against the ethical problems in the argument,  if it's due to having certain types of neurons being over prevalent  -http://m.medicalxpress.com/news/2015-11-neurons-reprogrammed-animals.html	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  Your suggestion is like saying it is immoral to have pets because the future might reveal them to be perfectly intelligent beings that are being dumbed down by their captivity. I don't know how you can make this jump from me not knowing what the future holds to intelligent beings being "dumbed down."  Couldn't it also be "smartened up?"  Surely there are some genetic traits that humans hold that aren't ideal (fingernails keep growing, just stop already), changing those wouldn't be "dumbing down" the species.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Right...the logic is dumb...that's my point. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
You mean your logic is dumb?  Because I'm sure we'd all agree with that.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
 OK, if I really have to spell it out for you that much, your logic, and the logic I used in my example, are the same. You are suggesting that because something might happen in the future that we need to make moral decisions today based on that possibility. However, the future could hold anything. We have no way of knowing what might happen in the future.  Yes, that is a point we clearly agree on, however, it's not appropriate to make decisions today based on things that may or may not ever come to pass. If you have no evidence to suggest that it is possible to permanently and safely alter someone's mind, then your question, your logic, and your point is moot. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
So when your fingernail breaks it'll never grow back?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Not sure if you're trying to be an asshole or not, but I'll pretend you're not.  I don't know how or what could be done to make it so we don't need to keep cutting our finger nails and keep the benefits of having nails in tact.  But could there be a time when we could?  You need to not look at it as a this is how things are done now or how things could be conceivably done later.  Does that make my original post clearer for you?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  keep cutting our finger nails and keep the benefits of having nails in tact.They would have to harden to extreme levels, the added weight would be a drawback. I'd hope they'd stay the same, trimming nails is easy and begin able to grow them back quickly is a pretty good trait to have  But could there be a time when we could?There could be, we could evolve into more bird like creatures too. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  They would have to harden to extreme levels, the added weight would be a drawback. I'd hope they'd stay the same, trimming nails is easy and begin able to grow them back quickly is a pretty good trait to haveYou have no idea if we could say make finger nails grow back in an instant with no need to cut them or have it so we don't need fingernails at all at a later date.  There could be, we could evolve into more bird like creatures too. Cool?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
So your argument is that anything can happen in the future? Then I'd argue that killing off criminals will lead to humanity advancing faster than ever by removing their negative influence.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Sorry, but you're just ridiculous.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I'm not pro-death penalty but your argument seems inconclusive to me. It seems to rest on the premise that everyone who commits an offense that will lead to the death penalty does so because she or he is somehow flawed. Are you really ruling out the possibility that someone is perfectly sane and still, for example, killing someone else? If yes: Why so? If no: What then would there be to fix?Your argument could still work for cases in which someone is somehow fixable flawed - but only for those.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  I'm not pro-death penalty but your argument seems inconclusive to me. It seems to rest on the premise that everyone who commits an offense that will lead to the death penalty does so because she or he is somehow flawed. Are you really ruling out the possibility that someone is perfectly sane and still, for example, killing someone else? If yes: Why so? If no: What then would there be to fix?  Your argument could still work for cases in which someone is somehow fixable flawed - but only for those.Not exactly what I was going for.  I was trying to put it into very easily understood terms.  The "flaw" could be the ability to kill someone.  Take that away.  This isn't about mental illness or someones sanity.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Everyone has the ability to kill someone. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Everyone has the ability, and sometimes the urge, to kill someone.Sometimes it's about mental illness, a paranoid schizophrenic will kill out of irrational fear. Sometimes it's about anger, a guy finds his wife cheating on him with his best friend. Sometimes it's about honor, war is justified mass murder.How would you propose taking away someone's ability to kill someone? The only ways I could see working would be the death penalty, lifetime solitary confinement, or putting them in a vegetative state for the rest of their lives. The death penalty seems like the most humane of those options to me.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Ah, thanks for the clarification.I think you're using our language a little strangely: How is an ability a flaw? I don't want to play a game of semantics, I want to understand your position. So could you please explain when something is considered a flaw? If it allowed the behavior we until now punish with the death sentence?If yes your argument should exclude the "knowing-the-future"-part, because we don't need it. We can imprison people now and we can imprison them for life. It would be able to do this in a way that they can never kill anyone again. (I'm not making an argument about adequate sentence, I just don't think you need some unsure-future-part in your argument.)	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
What is that "thing" you are talking about? Killing drive? People make their own decisions, the fact they choose options that you wouldn't even consider doesn't mean they are broken.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I don't know what the "thing" is.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
If I invent a rule and a punishment, and yet you decide to ignore it, what would be the "thing" I must "fix"?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
If argue that it's almost more immoral to just start changing people's brains to reflect what the government wants out of the population. You can't see the possible level of corruption that could occur? Sounds like a great way to begin a dictatorship. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
The death penalty is nothing more than that: a penalty.There are people on this planet that deserve to have their life ripped away from them the way they ripped the life from their victims. I find your idea far more immoral because you haven't meted out the proper punishment for someone deserving of death. And what do you mean by "fixing" a person? How do you "fix" a person that murders someone in cold blood? Why would you fix them? They've obviously demonstrated that they place no value on human life and are not fit to live in society. I also find life in prison to be immoral. If someone deserves to be locked in a cage for the rest of their life then just put them down. It is cruel and inhumane to lock a person up in a prison cell for the rest of their life. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  There are people on this planet that deserve to have their life ripped away from them the way they ripped the life from their victims.And  I also find life in prison to be immoral. Are my stances as well. There's a lot of talk about the treatment of the accused but what about the heinous things done to the victims? Where's their justice? And can any sane or humane person really say that life in a prison cell is humane?I believe the litmus for the death penalty should extraordinarily high, beyond, beyond a shadow of a doubt. In those cases, I support the death penty wholeheartedly.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
The problem with that conception of justice is that it's bordering on revenge, and revenge is not a good societal norm to follow. It does not help the victims in any way to kill the perpetrator; it merely satisfies their lust for vengeance. They need money and therapy, not a false sense of security from knowing somebody died for their suffering. Especially with the costs of death penalty - even with the lower-than-ideal parole/certainty standards of the United States - being higher than those of life in prison.Also, it violates another norm (that has shown to be quite effective in many countries as a basis of a justice system) which is the possibility of a second chance. If the system assumes that people can change, and offers them the possibility to get out of prison and get a decent life if they can show that they have improved as human beings, the rate of repeat offenders drops demonstrably. In the few cases where the perpetrator can be shown unable to rehabilitate to a high certainty, such as in the case of Anders Breivik, the process of death penalty would still end up costing more to the society.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  which is the possibility of a second chanceWhere's the second chance for the victims? Once someone has been victimized or killed there's no taking it back or undoing it. This creates a debt and I feel that for heinous crimes the perpetrator must pay for that debt with his life.   In the few cases where the perpetrator can be shown unable to rehabilitate to a high certainty, such as in the case of Anders Breivik, the process of death penalty would still end up costing more to the society.I still beg to differ because it doesn't have to be that way. The crimal justice system doesn't have to be needlessly drawn out in cases where there is sufficient evidence for a conviction of this sort.Is there an aspect of vengeance to it? Yes absolutely, I simply believe the focus should be on the victims, rather than the well being of the perpetrator. It does not help the victims in any way to kill the perpetrator; it merely satisfies their lust for vengeance.Do you have a family? A wife, children? I do and I am proud to live in a democracy where my support for the death penalty is heard and I can rest easy knowing that at night. I rest easy because if someone kidnaps, rapes, and murders my wife and daughters then I won't have to find the guy and kill him myself. I would if I had to but the state will take care if that for me. Life is precious, I will harm anyone who harms the lives of those I love and care for.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
  And can any sane or humane person really say that life in a prison cell is humane?Yes.  There are people like me who value any appreciable quality of life over an absence of life.  I would gladly take life in prison over death.That said, I'm not against capital punishment as long as it's humane.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Morality is subjective.Limiting someones freedom of choice can be seen as worse than murder by some people. Thus pro-death penalty is not necessarily immoral. It should be more seen like euthanasia. The person being put to death isn't dying for revenge purposes. But because the only reason that person might find happiness is by taking it away from someone else. Putting it to sleep might be the most empathetic solution to this, since society can't give it what it wants.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
[removed]	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Removed for violating rule 1. Your comment doesn't actually challenge OP's view in any meaningful way that they can respond to.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
[removed]	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
By the same logic you advocate castration for rapists. True? You believe castration is the correct punishment for rapists? If not, you answered your own question. Please answer. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
This is not the same logic at all.  You're using a basic causal flaw.  Two different causes have the same effects.  The effects of both could be the same, but the causes are most certainly not the same.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Nice try, but that doesn't answer the question at all. Essentially you're saying people shouldn't be punished because they may possibly be cured at some unknown point of an unknown affliction by some unknown technology . Until that technology exists, we live in a reality without your option.   If the sky were green and the grass were purple, people might never murder anyone. It's a useless discussion. Your option doesn't exist. It most likely will never exist.     	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
We already have a "fix" you are describing. Its called Lobotomy. Can you guess why no one uses it?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
The Lobotomy was about as precise as an egg beater and as such came with a whole host of horrible side effects that doctors knew about and people still felt it was a better option for the patient.  Do you know why it stopped?Because we started developing anti-psychotics, not on any moral grounds we just developed a better alternative.  The OP's CMV is based on a hypothetical and i assume much more precise procedure.  There are plenty of examples where things like traumatic brain injuries and tumors actually change a persons personality so i do not believe it too far fetched to think that with more technology that this is a perfectly feasible possibility.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
If such a "fix" exists, and the person has instead chosen to hold on to their identity and commit crime rather than obtaining said "fix", doesn't that imply that you are destroying their identity against their will?That in itself can be seen as a sort of "death sentence".Also, what is moral and immoral has been highly debated throughout history, and your reduction of it to a combination of utility to society (which supposedly justifies the fix) and deontological values (which supposedly makes killing immoral) is in itself already contradictory.What would you say lies at the basis of your morality? What principle?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Alright, lets say we are able to fix people. Let's say there is something that got misfired at birth, and gave a man certain violent urges, so he goes to a doctor to get it fixed so he doesn't have violent urges anymore. What if after he got fixed, he still killed someone. Do you give him the death penalty? He was in perfect mental health, nothing wrong with him. Maybe he was very poor, tried to rob a store, ended up killing someone he didn't mean to. Does he still get the death penalty?What would you do in cases like that?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Consider this scenario- if we were able to determine that the murderer only wanted to kill that one particular person who was his victim, and showed no more interest in killing anyone else than a random person at large would. Let him go free?	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
This only hypothetically addresses one purpose of the criminal justice system: Incapacitation. There's also Deterrence and Punishment. And we've already have an alternative method of incacitiation: Life without Parole, which doesn't rely on the need to fix someone. I know there's been a lot of doubt on the Deterrence effect on the death penalty, but what about punishment. If we could somehow have "fixed Ted Bundy and John Wayne Gacy, didn't they still deserve to die as punishment for the crime they'd already committed? I'd argue yes. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
[removed]	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Sorry ablanchard17, your comment has been removed:   Comment Rule 1\. "Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s current view (however minor), unless they are asking a clarifying question. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to comments." [See the wiki page for more information.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1)  If you would like to appeal, please [message the moderators by clicking this link.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Removed+Comment+Rule+1+Post+Appeal&amp;message=ablanchard17+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/3s19v4/cmv_being_prodeath_penalty_is_immoral_especially/cwtj6wx\))  Comment Rule 3\. "Refrain from accusing OP or anyone else of being unwilling to change their view. If you are unsure whether someone is genuine, ask clarifying questions (see: socratic method). If you think they are still exhibiting ill behaviour, please message us." [See the wiki page for more information.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_3)  If you would like to appeal, please [message the moderators by clicking this link.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Removed+Comment+Rule+3+Post+Appeal&amp;message=ablanchard17+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/3s19v4/cmv_being_prodeath_penalty_is_immoral_especially/cwtj6wx\))	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
TLDR: hindsight is 20:20, and that's OKTLDR2: You shouldn't refuse to ever buy a smartphone, just because they might come out with a better one tomorrow. Your argument is similar to the slippery slope fallacy, which asserts that cause A will have effect B, which will be the cause of effect C and so forth; most of the time assuming that effect C is unintended and undesirable. Your argument assumes that a future condition is a possibility, which is true, but then you also assert that we should make decisions based on that possibility. While it is true that we often make decisions keeping many possible outcomes in mind,  it is not true that we make decisions keeping any possible outcomes in mind. Prior to making a decision, it is smart to try and estimate the likelihood of certain possible effects. The information used to make these estimates only, and can only, exist in the present. We can also only use information we have, not information we do not have. Assume we have a situation, in which we can perfectly quantify the likelihood that decision A will cause effect B, using all current information in our possession. The quantity is 99.9999%. Now assume, our decision does not cause effect B, but something else. Afterwards, we discover the reason why, and it becomes clear we lacked information which would have significantly reduced our estimation. Did we acting immorally, or with stupidity? Should we not have acted at all for fear that any new piece of information could have arose? No, no, and no. It is often good practice to universalize ethical situations by broadening relevant variables. Would you will that everyone behave the same way in this situation if the variables were different? For example, if you apply your logic to buying a smartphone, you would never be able to buy one, or even invest in any opportunity for fear that a better phone or opportunity would present itself at some unknown future moment. Lastly, I would like to add that morality is a social construct, and exists as a social utility to maximize social cohesion. Usually when people declare that something is moral or immoral, they mean it as a universal truth, and basically that is true just because. I find this unreasonable, if you state that something is immoral, please provide actual costs. I could declare that using Reddit is immoral because its mascot has an antenna. I'm just stating facts, I don't have a real ethical argument. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
I'm not really in favor of the death penalty in general, as I'm against the idea of state sponsored killing of its citizens and especially considering it's very very difficult to be 100% sure of guilt.  But the idea that we can almost lobotomize people to get rid of their killer impulses is absurd as well, maybe even worse than outright killing them, so that's where I completely disagree.I also am in favor of the death penalty for, not revenge or punishment, but removing people who are still an influential threat while imprisoned.  That's the point of imprisoning people, for life and for the death penalty we have now, anyway.  Remove them from the society they're a threat to.  If they're still a threat, then it's arguably acceptable.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Then everyone will know they can do whatever they want -- with no consequences except that they'll get "fixed" afterward.Lots of first-timers doing absolutely awful things, I'd predict.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
Morality is a false human construct we created so we can go to sleep at night, it helps us live with our mistakes and our future mistakes.Some people deserve the death penalty and others don't. The problem arises when innocents get caught in the crossfire, but the death penalty itself is not the issue.	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
1) The death penalty is not solely intended to prevent future harm. There's also a retributive reason](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Retributive_justice) for it that you are neglecting. 2) The death penalty [saves lives](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/11/18/us/18deter.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0), three to eighteen per person who is executed. For every murderer who doesn't get executed, 3 to 18 innocent people die. Your solution would cost innocent lives and is therefore is immoral.   3) Your proposal is fundamentally undemocratic. The majority of people in the US favor the death penalty.  This whole proposal is simply a backdoor way to get around the fact that the death penalty has very large popular support.4) It's absurdly impractical. You want us to change how we sentence criminals today because at some unspecified time in the future, someone might figure out a way to fix them (whatever that means).	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
To me, I suppose it depends on where your morality comes from. If your morality is purely logical, then we have every right to use the death penalty, evolutionarily speaking. The only reason we feel it's immoral to kill is social contract. If a person breaks social contract, it is not the duty of a society to extend the benefits of that social contract to the person in breach of the contract. Therefore, asking society to pay -- in time, money, or effort -- to support a person who has disregarded the social contract is not a moral imperative.  A society may choose to grant varying degrees of mercy, but it is not immoral for them to choose not to grant that mercy. If your morality stems from something more spiritual or religious, I suppose that another discussion. 	Witnessing Death Penalty can have a negative impact on humans psyche (e.g. for the executioner)
In other words, you believe in moral absolutism, in which circumstance has no bearing on an action. Who are you to judge when an abortion should take place? You basically have argued that the life of the child has priority over the life of the mother, because as you say one life is denied either way. In this case, who makes the decision? God? No, that's not justifiable. Nature? Why is that justifiable?Circumstance matters. Denying the life of a fetus which may or may not even life to become a "life," which may or may not ruin the lives of countless others due to the complications it brings, and which may or may not kill the mother/be born into a life of unbearable pain and suffering/have other impacts that are CIRCUMSTANTIAL is different than arguing certain crimes warrant death.You can't compare the two as a simple "Denial of Life." Because one is taking away life, the other is denying a potential life. That's completely different. They are objectively different scenarios.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I'm not supporting either, nor am I prioritizing the life of the child over the life of the mother.  My argument is that, as concepts, you can't support one without supporting the other and vice versa. In a perfect world where the death penalty is always deserved (as decided by that society) and abortions are always performed safely, something dies either way. The fetus is alive no matter how you look at it, and an abortion kills that mass of cells. The death penalty kills a person. Both result in a loss of life. One denies a chance at redemption, the other denies a chance at living life. Of course context matters, but you can't discuss these two things in terms of context because every situation is unique. You can't really compare them equally when looking at context, because no set of extenuating circumstances are ever perfectly equivalent. That's why I'm arguing about them as ideals or concepts, rather than on a case by case basis. I don't think 'taking away life' and 'denying potential life' are completely different at all. Either way, there is one less human being in the world, and that means that whatever that human being could have done or become will never happen. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
There isn't one less human being in the world if you have an abortion. You can't definitively prove that any fetus would actually survive childbirth. It's the difference between a potential life and a life spent in prison.Anyone who would be up for the death penalty will never leave jail. So you are arguing that an unborn fetus is equal to a person in a prison cell for their entire remaining life. I don't see it.The world isn't perfect. People who deal in absolutes and hypotheticals don't grasp what morality is. Morality isn't absolute or hypothetical. It is circumstantial and subjective.I could say that those who support assisted suicide cannot morally oppose abortion, because both are the denial of life, but it is a ridiculous stance to take, as they are completely different scenarios. In a perfect world, all abortions are safe and etc, and all assisted suicides are completely on the up and up. It doesn't matter, they are still two different concepts entirely.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
You also can't definitively prove that the fetus won't survive childbirth. Either way, you remove the possibility from the equation. "I could say that those who support assisted suicide cannot morally oppose abortion, because both are the denial of life, but it is a ridiculous stance to take, as they are completely different scenarios."Why is that so ridiculous a stance? It doesn't matter how it happens, in all three of these scenarios something/someone is dead. There is no more life. If someone holds life as sacred, then they wouldn't support any of them, because for them it would be wrong to deny any form of life. Saying murder, abortion, and assisted suicide are entirely different concepts is like saying that football, soccer, and rugby are entirely different just because they don't use the same rules. They're all still sports. Also, this is a little off-topic, but isn't saying "The world isn't perfect. People who deal in absolutes and hypotheticals don't grasp what morality is. Morality isn't absolute or hypothetical. It is circumstantial and subjective," absolutist? 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  Also, this is a little off-topic, but isn't saying "The world isn't perfect. People who deal in absolutes and hypotheticals don't grasp what morality is. Morality isn't absolute or hypothetical. It is circumstantial and subjective," absolutist?No, it's not. Are you five years old? "Haha look I got you. You said morality is subjective but you are saying it is objectively subjective which means you're being absolutist!" No. I'm saying it's subjective. Which means it's subjective.   You also can't definitively prove that the fetus won't survive childbirth. Either way, you remove the possibility from the equation.I don't need to. The fact is there is a chance the child won't live, so it's already a different scenario. It just is. If there was a 10% chance the guy would survive the death penalty maybe it would make sense, but even then, no... it wouldn't.  "I could say that those who support assisted suicide cannot morally oppose abortion, because both are the denial of life, but it is a ridiculous stance to take, as they are completely different scenarios."Because one has literally nothing to do with the other. One is someone who WANTS to die. Another is something that is arguably even a person. They are completely different scenarios.  Saying murder, abortion, and assisted suicide are entirely different concepts is like saying that football, soccer, and rugby are entirely different just because they don't use the same rules. They're all still sports.No, that's not a proper analogy at all. Murder, abortion and assisted suicide are like saying football, the movies, and dancing are entirely different because THEY ARE ENTIRELY DIFFERENT. Sure they all provide entertainment to people but that doesn't give them enough in common to throw them all into the same category. That's asinine.It's pretty obvious you are just a Christian looking for a way to defend your prolife stance.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
"No, it's not. Are you five years old?"That's uncalled for. I'm not trying to attack you, so please don't try to attack me. You said that people who deal in absolutes don't grasp what morality is. That's an absolute statement, because you're making a generalization about a group of people without taking any individual one of them into account. If someone is a moral absolutist, you can't say they don't know what morality is. Their idea of morality differs from yours, but that doesn't mean that they don't grasp the concept. "It's pretty obvious you are just a Christian looking for a way to defend your prolife stance."No, I'm not a Christian. I'm prolife for my own reasons. I posted this topic to have an interesting discussion about one of my personal views, not make assumptions about the people I'm talking with. I want this to be a civil conversation, so please don't make personal attacks. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I just find it hard to have a discussion with people who don't understand basic concepts such as: Morality can never be discussed in a vaccuum, as it is never absolute, and is always contextual, circumstantial, and ever changing based on new developments. Morality evolves. This is why Ayn Rand is one of the worst human beings to ever live. Her absolutism poisoned a generation.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
uh! Seriously, this is completely uncalled for. Even Kant had notion of moral absolutism. Moral absolutism(which i don't subscribe to, as such) is a legitimate theory. You are just talking as if your morality is a religion, especially calling the OP as 5 year old and all. What is obvious to your line of thought need not be to others. That's the point of CMVs, in general -- to make people see the world you see. Your rudeness serves nothing.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
You don't believe that morality is absolute. That doesn't make it so. Morality is subjective. Some believe it to be absolute, some don't. You don't get to make universal statements about concepts that are deeply personal and, in your own words, subjective. Do I like Ayn Rand? No. Do I have some absolute moral views? Yes. I think that everyone does at some level, regardless of context. EDIT: Universal, not unilateral. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
 That's uncalled for. I'm not trying to attack you, so please don't try to attack me.Well you sorta tried to pull that over his response and he pointed it out because it was very obvious, I didn't see it as a personal attack. Anyways, I also find it difficult to talk to people who are very set with their views in morality like this because it's very akin to how some religions set moral standards because it doesn't make *sense* most of the time when you use logic and think about it. To be honest you can't compare the lives of someone who wants to die, someone who arguably deserves to die and something that is arguably not a person. I'm prolife for my own reasons. If you are prolife, then you are PRO LIFE. Most people aren't prolife, they are PRO BIRTH. They think that at all costs that thing in the mum's stomach should have the highest priority over something that is actually a person/sentient and not just a lump of cells. (Of course this also depends where along the pregnancy we're talking about IMHO)Pro birth = Should be born even if the mum's life is in dangerPro life = Pro birth + the raising of the childI just wanted to touch on the difference between pro life/birth because way to many "moral" people think they are pro life but in reality they are pro birth and don't give a flying fuck about the kid after it's born, just look at the majority of the republican party and it's members. (This isn't meant to be offensive, I'm just pointing something very obvious that many people tend to overlook) If someone is a moral absolutist, you can't say they don't know what morality is. Their idea of morality differs from yours, but that doesn't mean that they don't grasp the concept.You are 100% right, but the problem here lies that each situation *needs* to be treated differently. If you treat each situation the same with an unwavering stance, especially without logic, then that's literally insane.You cannot quantify and compare the lives of people already living to a lump of cells/the potential of life. You also cannot compare the life of someone who has destroyed lives of some to someone who wants to die and the potential of life, especially when there's a chance that the potential of life can potentially not even work out or kill the mother.But this is just my 2 cents.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
You say "you can't definitely prove that [a] fetus won't survive childbirth" - that is factually incorrect. There are a number of conditions where the non-survival of a fetus outside the mother's womb can be determined before birth. The other way around is true though, in that you cannot establish with certainty that any fetus will survive childbirth (or the mother, sadly).	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Would you also say that a murder in cold blood and one in self-defense are the same? They both live up to your criteria, if the relevant fact is that there is one less human being in the world. It seems from your argument that if we accept one as okay, then we have to accept both as okay. Is this a fair representation of your view? If not, why not?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
To be honest, this is a difficult one. From my viewpoint, a death is a death. If you are in a situation of self-defense where you are forced to kill your assailant, then that's what happens and it is up to the jury in your trial to determine whether it was right or wrong. I honestly don't have a good answer to this, and you've definitely made me think about this from a different angle. I'll either edit this post (or reply to your reply) after I've thought it through a bit more. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  There isn't one less human being in the world if you have an abortion. You can't definitively prove that any fetus would actually survive childbirth. It's the difference between a potential life and a life spent in prison.Your argument could have ended at the there isn't one less human being portion. If you don't consider 1 week old fetuses as humans you've already have a viewpoint which is justifiable. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
What if you don't consider abortion taking a human life? For example one could believe that a sperm/egg combination is only "fully human" after a certain amount of time (maybe once it is self aware or something).So if you believed that killing self-aware humans is always wrong then you'd be left to conclude that some kinds of abortions are okay and killing criminals is wrong.I'm not saying I believe that, just that someone could believe that without contradicting themselves.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
The thing is, regardless of what level of 'human' you consider a fetus, if left to its own devices its going to become a human. So, even if the fetus isn't considered a human life, it will become one. Abortion prevents that life from ever occurring. Again, I stress that I'm not arguing for or against abortion. I'm only arguing that both it and the death penalty result in a net loss of human life, and therefore you cannot support one while objecting to the other. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
No, it will not become a human 'if left to its own devices'. It requires the support of the mother's body. There are very few instances where we grant an existing life rights over another person's body, e.g. we don't even give the already viable and living (people in need of organs) rights over the dead (potential donors that haven't agreed to donate), much less the potentially, non viable like fetuses. This argument only comes up for abortion.As for the death penalty, there is no connection between the two issues.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Granted, my phrasing was poor, but my meaning was clear. You make an interesting point, though, with: "This argument only comes up for abortion." Though not on topic, it's interesting to me that we have such a distinction between the rights of the dead and the rights of the unborn. "As for the death penalty, there is no connection between the two issues."I've previously made my argument for why I consider the two connected, so can I ask you to elaborate as to why you don't think they are? 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  So, even if the fetus isn't considered a human life, it will become one. Not in the case of abortion. If the fetus is aborted it will not become a human life. And if you consider it not-yet-human then no loss of human life has occurred. This is different from capital punishment which does unambiguously end a human life.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
If you do not consider a fetus a human life, you at least consider it a potential human life. A fetus that could potentially (and equally) become the next great humanitarian, leader, or tyrant. A fetus has almost unlimited potential in terms of the possibilities of its existence. A convicted murderer, while still in possession of vast potential, does not have those possibilities. I'm too old to ever be an Olympic athlete. Similarly, a convicted felon will never not be a convicted felon. There are still an almost infinite number of things I could do with my life, and so can the felon, but there are some things that neither of us will ever be. The fetus has no such limitations. At the risk of hyperbole, how much progress has been slowed or lost because a mother aborted the next great physicist or politician? 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Well at least you know that hyperbole is your problem…Someone who doesn't exist has unlimited potential. But there is literally infinite people who don't exist. That's why it doesn't matter if we prevent them from coming into existence. There are infinite people who don't exist.We are passed the point where our species needs to make as many babies as possible. We're at a point now where we can choose to have children if we want. We tend to give those children an excellent shot at doing anything they want with their lives. That's more important than trying to win genetic dice-rolls to get the next Einstein.Our societies probably produce geniuses more because we have clean water, safe neighbourhoods and good universities rather than luck of birth. It's not a numbers game of producing as many children as possible. It's a game of making society a great place to raise children.This has gotten a bit off topic though. To get it back on topic, we don't consider things that aren't human as having rights. Just because something may become human one day doesn't have to change that (this can depend on your morality) but the CMV is just about whether it is justifiable to pro-choice (for abortion) and against the death penalty at the same time. And it is.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Hmm...I think you've given the best argument to CMV by far, because you've definitely made me rethink my argument. Honestly, I've come to objectively agree with you. Looking at it as impartially as I can, you've changed my view. However, it still feels wrong to me to be pro-choice and anti-death penalty. I would need to think about it further, but right now it just strikes me as wrong. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
You don't have to think abortion or the death penalty is right. For your view to be changed you just have to think that someone who is pro-choice and against the death penalty *could* be justified in that set of beliefs.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I think a lot of this boils down to what it means to be a moral agent, worthy of moral consideration. I assume that you are not a strict vegan who won’t even take penicillin, because killing anything is wrong. Some things are worth more than others. So we need a way to deferinciate what life is valuable and what is not.The most standard definition of a moral agent is: A rational being, who can reason and form self-interested judgments. (more or less). I am reading your argument bit Kantian, being able to place morality in a vacuum and focus on potential **human** life. Is this a fair assessment?A fetus cannot be described as an agent, since it lacks agency in every possible meaning of the word. You can’t really assign value to the potential of future persons you are talking about (great physicist or politician) without leaving the vacuum and dipping your toes in a bit of utilitarianism. or at least have to shell out a good reason why its okay to look outside the vacuum in this case.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  you at least consider it a potential human lifepotential human life =/= human lifeSame reason why facebook at 2003 isn't worth billions because potential does not equal worth. It **has** worth, but not as an already existing thing.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Chances are that aborted fetus isn't going to be missed because most abortions are unwanted children in the first place aka "future criminals". I just also want to say, I understand your argument but "potential human life" just isn't the same as an actual "human life". One is conscious the other isn;t.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  The thing is, regardless of what level of 'human' you consider a fetus, if left to its own devices its going to become a human.If you remove a fertilized egg from a mother,  does it become a baby?Fetuses require nine months (give or take) of *constant care* by another human. Don't pretend that fertilization is the only think necessary for a baby.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
 Abortion prevents that life from ever occurring.  Me not having sex on a particular day at a particular time with a particular person also prevents life from ever occurring. A fetus doesn't even have a consciousness until "between the 24th and 28th week of gestation." (http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/when-does-consciousness-arise/) A man or woman who can suffer physically and mentally and has relationships and is actually alive in all the ways "alive" can be defined is worth more, to me, than "potential." It's the difference between is and isn't. A fetus isn't. A person is. A person is not just a body, a person is someone who loves and feels and thinks. A fetus is not equivalent to a person. A fetus doesn't even perceive itself to exist. It can't want for existence. It does not know what Red Lobster Cheesy Biscuits are. If it did, if it knew what Red Lobster Cheesy Biscuits were, I'd be pro-life. You might say I'm denying nothing the chance to be something-- but nothing doesn't care. It's nothing! 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
[deleted]	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  "Potential" means roughly "existing in the Void, at least from the current temporal perspective". There's zillions of humans that will never be pulled from the Void.To follow up on this idea, every time a man and a women meet and do not have unprotected sex the a potential human stops existing. Sure an abortion stops a potential human from existing, but no more than using condoms for a year does.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I once tried to calculate the number of "potential" babies that will never be born. Found out how many sperm a man produces in his lifetime and how many eggs women are born with. I got an overflow error. The number of possibilities is orders of magnitude larger than the number of atoms in the universe.This whole premise is bullshit. It's unbelievable that an ostensibly adult person cannot for the life of him understand the difference between a nonsentient, nonsapient bundle of cells and a human being with an actual life.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  I acknowledge that the death penalty in our actual world is highly flawed, but I do not believe this is because of the idea itself. If spitting on children gave them super powers, in an ideal world, I'd support spitting on children.  Why does it matter if someone supports a false ideal?  Rather, I believe the flaws of the system are a result of human error, which means they are correctable.Well, one of the flaws of the system is that we can never know with 100% certainty that suspects are guilty.  That's not simply a problem of human error, unless you call an inability to be omniscient a human flaw.  Of course, another flaw of the death penalty is that it requires the government to kill people.  Is that the result of the human error that we're not immortal?  I think that abortion, regardless of when performed, robs a potential human being of its life. Not having unprotected sex every opportunity robs a potential human being of its life.  Are you suggesting we all quit modern society and do nothing but have mass orgies all day long to ensure that all potential for human life is met?  Furthermore, a fetus is innocent of any crimeMy broken chair is innocent of any crime also.  Am I a bad person for throwing it away?  I don't understand assigning moral blame to something without some level of consciously functioning brain.I'd turn it around on you.  I don't understand people who claim to be "pro life" but also support the death penalty.  I mean, what does it mean to be pro life and pro killing people?  What does the death penalty accomplish that a life sentence in a super-max prison does not?  Only a barbaric sense of blood lust.  If you have a hard on for killing people, don't call yourself pro-life.  	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
 Whether you think that a fetus is a human being or not, it is a living mass of tissue that, without intervention, would become a human being with all of the possibilities of happiness and life that we all have.        Honestly, I think this is the part of your view that, at least for now, most needs to change.  There isn't really a way to logically support it.  It's one thing to count the fetus as a person, and that's certainly up for debate.  But you can't really say "even if it's not a person, it's still a potential person."  If you try and start assigning rights to "potential people" it get's ridiculous pretty quickly.          I mean by that logic, every year that a fertile woman spends not being pregnant "robs a potential human of life."  I mean if I'm alone at work with a fertile female co-worker, and we don't have unprotected sex, you could make the same argument that we "robbed a potential human of life."  And even if you do have sex, if a person is made up of a unique sperm / egg combo, then even the act of creating a fetus means millions (billions?) or potential people just missed out on life, because of all the potential sperm / egg combos just from that one sex which missed out.  It's already a basic fact of life than only an astronomically miniscule % of "potential human beings" ever actually become humans.        http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqsmlFjkAu0&amp;t=1m12s        I mean if I seriously believed what you just said, about preventing a potential human life being akin to killing a human, I would go out and start raping girls as often as possible.  Yeah, that's terrible for them, but it's not as bad as killing people, and if I don't knock them up somehow, potential human lives will go to waste.       You could say the difference is "without intervention," but I don't see how that matters.  It's still not a person yet, so I don't see how you can compare it to the death penalty actually killing a human being.  I also don't agree it's accurate to say "without intervention," as huge amounts of intervention from the mother's body are still required for it to grow and live.    	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
"By supporting abortion, but not the death penalty, I think someone is justifying one denial of life but not the other."Why is this a bad thing? I'd argue it's the basis of our justice system. I believe it is okay for a police officer to shoot a criminal who poses an immediate danger to others; I do not believe it is right for a criminal to shoot an officer arresting him. I believe it is right for a woman to kill a rapist in self-defense; I do not believe it is right for the rapist to kill the woman. And so on.There is nothing wrong or unjustifiable in conditionally defining denial of life (it is acceptable to kill in this case but not in this case). Almost every legal or moral framework in history has allowed for it.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Your argument depends on the several points which aren't correct.First, that abortion is ending an actual life as opposed to preventing a life from happening.  Those are two very different concepts.  A fetus is not an adult human being.  It is not autonomous.Second, that the opposition to the death penalty has to do with putting someone to death.   Most people who oppose the death penalty will first point out that we have executed INNOCENT people.  We know we've done it.  I suspect we've known BEFORE HAND and still done it.   Even if you support the death penalty you should agree that using it to execute the wrong person is not a good idea.Additionally, anti-death penalty people will point out that it is applied WILDLY disproprotionately to blacks over whites... for the same crimes.  A black man who kills a white man is MANY TIMES more likely to get teh death penalty than a white man who kills a black man.   Even if you support the death penalty, you should agree that it should apply evenly across the board.Lastly, the 3rd major reason to be against the death penalty is about cost effectiveness.  It's REALLY expensive to execute someone.  That's the same issue with abortion - it would be really expensive for this pregnancy to result in someone that I have to raise (or worse, to someone severely handicapped that I have to raise).	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
   In the case of a death sentence (again, in an ideal), the victim has done something to warrant the sentence. They have broken the rules of the society they live in so severely that they cannot be allowed to have any further part of that society.  By supporting abortion, but not the death penalty, I think someone is justifying one denial of life but not the other.One denial of life (abortion) actually has benefits to people. They can choose to raise kids when they are ready instead of when biology says they should. The other has no benefit. You say, "They have broken the rules of the society they live in so severely that they cannot be allowed to have any further part of that society" but this assertion is completely unjustified. What do I, or "society", care whether a criminal is killed or not? I think life imprisonment is an adequate way of removing somebody from society.By the way, even a healthy pregnancy is riskier than an abortion (in terms of the chance of the mother dying). There's no such thing as a "safe" pregnancy. So when you want people to forgo abortions, you are asking people to decrease their chances of living due to a biological happenstance.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Many people don't believe an embryo composed of human cells qualifies as a human life yet. Whether you think that a fetus is a human being or not, it is a living mass of tissue that, without intervention, would become a human being with all of the possibilities of happiness and life that we all have.I'm pretty sure the life support and nutrients provided by a woman carrying a pregnancy to term qualifies as "intervention."---Supporting abortion means not requiring women to bring pregnancies to term that would ultimately rely upon state assistance programs for financial support.The death penalty is also financially irresponsible. Due to the additional burden of proof placed upon the state, and the additional automatic grounds for appeal, prosecuting for and administering the death penalty will often cost 8x as much as merely convicting for life in prison w/o parole.From a purely pragmatic standpoint, being pro-abortion and anti-death penalty is easily internally consistent.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
The relevant difference between an abortion and the death penalty is the danger behind the justification.Abortions justification is really hard to extend to other things. Because few things are like fetuses. There's also the fact that abortion is generally a wholly rational impulse, and is certainly not 'aimed' at the baby.In this sense, abortion's degradation of the right to live is very limited. It's limited pretty much to abortion itself.Now compare this to the death penalty. The death penalty is basically stating that, in severe cases, death can be an appropriate punishment. That some-one can lose their right to life by their own actions.This degrades the right to live much more because the lines are easily blurred. There's also the fact that the death-penalty is a very emotional impulse. It's about vengeance, retribution. As such, introducing the death-penalty can make much more people feel like killing is ok. It harms the 'sanctity of life' much more than abortion. This also has to do with fetuses just being a lot different from people. You don't see them, can't communicate with them etc. This makes it lot harder for people to extend their feelings about abortion to life in general.Finally I'd like to address abortion itself. Now, I am in favor of women's right to abortion. Not sure if I'd be happy if a women were to abort a baby of mine, or if I'd suggest abortion if I'd have a baby now (I'm most certainly not ready for babies).  all that said,  I think that a fetus isn't a full human. It has none of the characteristics that make me care about a person. It doesn't communicate, doesn't interact, doesn't do. Given these things it's probably not very conscious of anything. As such, should it not come to term. I do not consider that the death of a human. It's a tragedy when the parents wanted a child. But because they have been denied something. It's worse to let a child come to parents that can't/won't care for it than it is for a fetus not to come to term.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  To be clear, I'm referring to both in a vacuum and as ideals.You simply cannot do this with morality. Morality pretty much always depends on context of some sort.  I think that abortion, regardless of when performed, robs a potential human being of its life.Potential human != human. Furthermore, one could make a perfectly consistent argument that wasting sperm and egg cells rob potential human beings of their life.  it is a living mass of tissue that, without intervention, would become a human being with all of the possibilities of happiness and life that we all have.This is simply not true. There is not a 100% chance that a fetus will be born successfully. Complications in pregnancy exist. Given that complications in pregnancy are definitely a reason as to why some people might get an abortion, you cannot ignore them to make your point. Also, nobody has all of the possibilities of happiness and life, Mr. Wayne, billionaire. Many people are born with developmental defects. Many mothers are substance abusers, which often causes negative outcomes on their babies. Should those babies get automatically aborted? No, it should be the choice of the mother, and her alone.Given that it is not true that, excluding abortion, all fetuses will become human, and that this fact is also true for both sperm and egg cells, your "potential for life" argument rests on the probability of a "potential human" becoming human. Because of that, you are going to have to provide calculations of such probability and a detailed reason to make a specific cut in probability as to when the probability of a "potential human life" will become human life. If you can't do that, then your argument is invalid.The death sentence has nothing to do with abortion, as abortion is not done as punishment against a fetus.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
There is so many reasons to have an abortion. "Abortion is done for two reasons: either the Mother doesn't want the child or she can't safely have the child." This does not count for all.Children with displaced chromosomes will come up "retarded". They would never know what life is as they will be a drain to society. Also, many families are broken up because the care for retarded kids are impossible if you are not rich. There are many stories where the woman will have to stay home and would wish the child would die already.  Impregnate a woman so she has to stay with you for the sake of the baby. Nope. I would rather my mom aborted me if that was true.  Rape babies. Crack babies. It is not that the mother doesn't want the child. In some cases, the bad outweighs the good.  	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  By supporting abortion, but not the death penalty, I think someone is justifying one denial of life but not the other.hmm, quite recently i started a CMV, where i argued that we should allow euthanizing of kids, if we allow abortion (http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1whz3u/taking_prochoice_a_bita_lot_further_cmv/).In particular, i see abortion from a social-contract viewpoint. I don't subscribe to abortion in the sense that baby is a parasite, living inside mom's womb. I see abortion as a mechanism to not entering a social contract with the society that you take up the responsibility of bringing up a kid who will be a responsible citizen of man-kind. And when you enter a contract, it is only fair that you are given some opportunity to see whether you are capable of executing the terms of such a contract. Given this view of abortion, treating death penalty and abortion along the same lines is completely moot. So, both the stances -- supporting or not death penalty while supporting abortion is possible as the foundation of reasoning is different.Personally, I am very unhappy with the current prison system. Rehabilitation is not as paramount as it must be. But things are a lot better than (say) 200 years and we will improve more. In particular, most "sane" criminal are victims of the society. They have lost faith in humanity. It's humanity's turn to restore faith in it, with a genuine attempt at rehabilitation.  As far death penalty itself, i see it as the last resort, mostly as an euthanization mechanism. For example, if the person in question is like Joker from Batman, who after a few "genuine" attempts(which is not happening very well currently) at rehabilitation, shows no sign of change, then may be his brain is hard-wired to be a serial-killer, in which case it may be in society's interest to kill him. But, no, i am not enthusiastic about that. It may be a slipper-slope problem altogether, when we start supporting death, for such cases. But euthanasia may in these cases may be a necessary evil. I hope neurology progresses to such an extent that we will be able to cure such mental disease in future, making the need for this "euthanizing" death penalty moot.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
You have not established the connection, that is what I pointed out. You assert the connection, but that is not the same as actually demonstrating it. Your argument is poorly constructed.Abortion is a question of a woman's rights over her body (medical emergencies aside, which are even more obvious to decide). The death penalty is a question of society's rights over a person's life, among other aspects that would need to be shown (for instance, that it can be an appropriate response, as you claim, for serious crimes; you seem to be under the assumption the arguments against death penalty are based on practical problems rather than foundational). One deals with stopping support for a potentially viable, completely dependent life; the other deals with taking the life of an independent, existing person. Many implications on the living differ too.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Why is it always people barely out of childhood who have the most extreme views on family planning and terminations ? Grown adults have the choice whether to become parents or not. And as for adoption if the people concerned dont want to go down that route its their choice. People who cant have kids, get one from somewhere else, dont use other peoples misfortunes as a vehicle to parenthood.The death penalty and abortion are 2 separate issues, when you have a 100% perfect justice system debate the death penalty. That wont happen in mine, yours or your grandkids lifetime	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Using birth control may rob a human of its potential to live. How is this different from abortion of a fetus that is not yet consciously aware?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Worse yet, the body naturally aborts a non negligible number of fertilized eggs with no intervention whatsoever. Hilariously, using the pill stops many of these eggs from being fertilized, and thus stops the body from aborting them. The people against abortion and against birth control really don't have a leg to stand on.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Abortion serves a purpose, the death penalty doesn't. That's why I support only abortion. First of all, while I agree an abortion stops a life from happening, I don't think a fetus is actually alive at that point. Either way, a mother should never be forced to carry a child and give birth to it. I don't think potentially ruining one person's life is worth allowing another life. Honestly though, whether or not abortion should be allowed is a separate issue. All I really want to say is that they're not the same. Abortion, whether or not it's okay, undeniably serves a purpose. The death penalty doesn't accomplish anything that life in high security prison doesn't, aside from making people feel better I guess. But I really don't think we should be killing people because it makes us comfortable. It's just bitter cold blooded revenge. Personally it doesn't even make me happy to know killers and rapists were given the death penalty. It doesn't change the fact that what they did happened. It doesn't solve anything. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
What if I'm against the death penalty because it's more expensive than life in prison?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Now I'm pro choice and I think that (given a high enough standard of proof) the death penalty is justifiable. However, I hold these views for entirely different reasons.In the case of abortion, I see the point as to whether or not it is a human life arbitrary and irrelevant. The crux of the issue is whether or not there is legal or moral precedence to require a person to go through something that is as invasive, dangerous and emotionally trying as a pregnancy to save someone else's life.I agree with the death penalty because prisons drain resources and people who are incarcerated for life have very little to lose and are thus a threat to prison security.I don't hold these views because I think death is generally great thing, I don't think anyone does. I hold these views because I think they are beneficial to society and the individuals within it.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  I think that abortion, regardless of when performed, robs a potential human being of its life.Saying it robs a potential human being of its life implies that it has a right to life. This needs to be proven - it's not enough to just say that it would have become a person if there were no intervention.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
 By supporting abortion, but not the death penalty, I think someone is justifying one denial of life but not the other.That may be a bit of an oversimplifcation, but true. That does not logically flow into your post title, though. Just because one supports the denying of life in one case but not the other does not make the view "unjustifiable". Arguing as such presupposes that the crux of the issue lay in whether or not denying life is morally justifiable.This is not the case. For many, maybe even most, there are always situations in which taking life a is acceptable. Likewise, there are situations in which it is not acceptable. It is a matter of context.To my mind, a mother is no more obligated to support a child than a stranger is to pay for another's life support. Whether or not a human (or potential human) dies in the process is irrelevant. I believe that banning abortion is to force a human being to care for and support another human being against their will.On the other hand, I do not support the death penalty. It is extremely expensive. It would be much cheaper to simply incarcerate someone for life. Furthermore, if they are innocent (and it is not unheard of for this to be the case), then a human being was killed in revenge for a crime that they did not commit. Finally, in banning the death penalty, it isn't even as if all of those who were sentenced to death would simply go free. They would be imprisoned for life, which still removes them from society.To reiterate, your argument assumes that they only reason someone might not support the death penalty is because they believe that killing people is wrong. Furthermore, it assumes the only reason that someone might support abortion is if they do not care about the (potential) human life being lost. This is not necessarily the case. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
For your view, you have to see an embryo as a person. Biologically, I would argue it is not. Thus, there's the argument. If we must make it a person for an analogy (which I think is still wrong... Thus THIS analogy still bad) I would compare an embryo or unviable (without host) fetus more to someone on life support than to a death row inmate. If a person was required to physically give a body part, like a kidney, against their will to a person in order for that person to live, it might be a comparison (though different as a person and a potential are not the same, as others say... But no need to further that argument as it's articulated elsewhere). I'd also be against that. Also, "because life" is not the only argument against the death penalty. Other arguments include the financial and the imperfection of our legal society. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
The difference is in the players: the actor and victim of each procedure.  A person who holds the idea that an early developed fetus is not yet a being and therefore has no natural right to life gives a mother -an actor who is intimately involved in pregnancy- options that may result in termination of the fetus.  The situation is seen as a woman making an intimate choice over her body/the fetus before many believe the fetus is near "life" or natural rights.  The flip side is the idea that the state can determine a criminal has lost their right to live.  This person, while usually guilty of a crime, is undoubtedly in possession of some "right to life" and people are uncomfortable with the state making that choice when life in prison is a fully viable option.Essentially it's the idea that (1) a fetus at some point is not advanced enough for the right of life (2) a woman can thus make a choice to end a pregnancy during this period. (3) every born human possesses a right to life and (4) the state should not remove that right even through the judicial system.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
If you believe that a human being has no rights until it is a human being, and the point of abortion is before that point, then it's easy to say that you may not kill a human being (as per death penalty), but abortion does not kill a human being, and is thus irrelevant to that issue.  	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
One way to look at this is as a question of body autonomy. That is one of the most fundamental rights a person can have: to determine what may or may not be done to their own body. A foetus cannot survive independently of it's mother, and so forcing a woman to carry a child to term necessarily involves sacrificing her body autonomy. It's saying "you have no choice as to what happens to your body; this potential person is depending on you and without you, they'll die." If we're going to go down that road due to the sanctity of life, we could just as well say that blood donation or even kidney/bone-marrow donation are mandatory. If we did this, we'd save lives. But we don't, because as a society we hold body autonomy to be a fundamental principle. We take this so seriously even after death that we require consent to harvest organs. A corpse is not even a living thing but we won't violate its autonomy to save the lives of actual living people.If we had the means to take a foetus and bring it to term outside the mother's body, then and only then can I support a ban on abortion.Now on to capital punishment. Again, body autonomy is a relevant factor here. Life imprisonment is in some cases a necessary thing due to the danger that someone poses to society, but no matter how heinous their crime, I am against capital punishment because once they are locked up there is simply no purpose served by taking their life. Violating something as sacrosanct as someone's physical ability to go on living is not, in my view, a justifiable way to punish them. Further, even if you could convince me that this person deserves it, I would still be against the death penalty for the following reason (previously given in another thread):My reason for being against the death penalty isn't about the criminal, or the victim, or the facts of the case. It's about me. I don't want to kill someone. And if a society I'm part of does kill someone, I'm complicit in that. I don't want it done in my name. I'm all for meeting an active threat with force, even deadly force. But once someone is in custody, in a box, under the complete control of society, the thought of marching them to a room, strapping them to a chair or gurney, and methodically taking their life makes me sick. I don't care if it's Hitler, Pol Pot or Hannibal Lector , because it's not them I'm concerned about. It's the rest of us.I can reconcile the above with my stance on abortion because in the case of abortion that foetus is not autonomous. It cannot live outside its mother's womb, and forcing her to carry the child to term violates her fundamental right to her own body.And that is why I can be both anti-death penalty and pro-choice.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I am pro-choice because no one has the right to force a woman to carry a fetus to term and give birth to it. Period. End of story. My view has nothing to do with the moral/ethical/philosophical question of whether the fetus is a living a human being. Therefore any comparisons to my position on the death penalty are irrelevant.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
While I am likewise pro-choice, I don't believe you can say that it has nothing to do with whether a fetus is a human being.  It's central to taking that stance.It stands to reason that if you DID believe a fetus was a full human person, deserving of the same rights, then you would not have such a "Period. End of Story." opinion on the matter.  After all, in no other case do we afford someone the right to take the life of another person (except in self-defense), so why would your position be different regarding abortion?Again, I'm also completely pro-choice, but I'm not sure how you can say it has nothing to do with your view on the personhood of a fetus.  	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  After all, in no other case do we afford someone the right to take the life of another person (except in self-defense), so why would your position be different regarding abortion?Sure we do: pulling the plug on someone in a coma/vegitative state.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Hmm, good point, although that's not very cut and dry.  In most cases, we require an advance directive that gives someone else the authority to make that decision, do we not?  	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  In most cases, we require an advance directive that gives someone else the authority to make that decision, do we not?That only matters in choosing who gets to make the decision. If there is no advance directive specifying the person's wishes, then the Next Of Kin is given the authority to make the decision on their own, which can include pulling the plug.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Good point, very good point.However, to that I would counter that pulling the plug is not actively terminating someone's life.  It is removing life support, and letting their body shut down naturally.  It would be akin to delivering a fetus pre-term, and seeing whether it survives unassisted or not.Abortion involves (whether you're for or against it, it's the truth) actively terminating it, not just letting it die.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  Abortion involves (whether you're for or against it, it's the truth) actively terminating it, not just letting it die.To be fair, the term abortion simply refers to any termination of pregnancy before carrying it to term. Whether by inducing, actively terminating the fetus, or prematurely going in and removing it.That being said, medical professionals can pretty easily tell whether a fetus has formed enough that it has even a chance to survive outside the womb until what is currently referred to as "viability" which is where it gets a bit hazy on whether or not it would survive. More than 98% of all abortions happen before the point that it would even be possible for it to survive outside of the womb. It seems ridiculous to differentiate between delivering it pre-term and actively terminating it when you can tell with certainty, in 98% of cases, whether it will survive if delivered pre-term. For that last roughly 1.2% of cases which take place after 20 weeks, I would argue that we *should* be delivering it pre-term and seeing whether it survives rather than actively terminating it if the doctors believe there is a chance it might survive. And in fact, in most states of the US you cannot get an abortion for later than 20 weeks.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I understand your view, and I want to be able to reach this point. The fetus depends on the woman's body, and thus, I believe she has the right to choose whether or not she has to continue carrying that fetus.But at the same time, I worry because I don't know if I can objectively separate my moral/ethical views on whether a fetus is a living human being from my views on a woman's right to choose.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
It's the famous pianist argument. If there was a famous pianist that was very ill and needed to be physically connected to another person, to use that person as a dialysis machine.... can a person be forced to do that in order to keep the pianist alive? Can we mandate that one person operate as a life support system for another? If yes, ok. If no, abortions are legal. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
What if the pianist's independence was compromised directly by the actions of some other individual? If that individual could save the pianist's life by being physically connected to them for 9 months, should the individual be expected to make this sacrifice?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
The best example here I could give would be that if you stabbed someone in the lung, you still cannot be legally compelled to donate one of your lungs to them to save their life because we view autonomy to be that important. The same goes with say, donating blood. If you stab someone with a knife and are a compatible blood type, you still cannot be compelled to give them a blood transfusion in order to save their life.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I'm sorry. .. I've read this a few times and am not sure I follow your argument.  Could you rephrase it?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
If the pianists life is in jeopardy because of an action person a committed, could you justify person a being forced to keep the pianist alive?Not the OP, and don't are with that stipulation but that is what they're trying to say.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Great, objective argument. Thank you! ∆	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
It's not really that great of an argument, the baby starts out connected to the woman, which is a critical difference. A similarly obfuscating example would be If you have conjoined twins, if one can decide to get a surgery that kills the other one unilaterally.  You could do the sciences determine whose body parts belong to whom, but the underlying issue is that one is dependent on the other similar to a fetus.  The given example of the pianist is very misleading.  The truth is there is nothing really comparable to pregnancy.  It is a unique situation.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
 But at the same time, I worry because I don't know if I can objectively separate my moral/ethical views on whether a fetus is a living human being from my views on a woman's right to choose.Well, there is no one objective "truth" with regards to this question. In the face of this uncertainty, I would argue the only just course of action is to favor maximum autonomy for the woman. Whatever an individual's belief on this matter, it is not a sufficient argument to coerce a woman into childbirth against her will.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
∆ I agree on favoring the autonomy of the woman. They should have the choice to do what they will with their body. They can choose to have sexual intercourse, they should be able to choose whether or not to carry a fetus to birth, using their own body as a host.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  But at the same time, I worry because I don't know if I can objectively separate my moral/ethical views on whether a fetus is a living human being from my views on a woman's right to choose.The easy answer is that even if the fetus is a living human being with rights, it doesn't have the right for continued use of the woman's body without her consent. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
This is true, thank you	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
If a user has in some way changed your view, please feel free to award them a delta. You are allowed to award multiple deltas and partial deltas, too, if they've changed just one aspect of your view.Instructions are in the sidebar - take a look at Rule 4. Thanks!	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Thanks for the reminder, I'm responding to other redditors on mobile, so I'll be returning later to award deltas to those who helped me later tonight.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
It's up to you how you do it but there *is* a way to easily award deltas on mobile.Type "! delta" but without the space in between and include a couple sentences explaining how your view was changed. That's all it takes.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Oh, I didn't know that, thanks!	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
   am pro-choice because no one has the right to force a woman to carry a fetus to term and give birth to it. Do you think it should be OK for a woman to kill the fetus she is carrying one day before the due date, in a situations with no medical complications of any kind.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Yes, I do. My reasoning is that there is no clear boundary. If we decide that it should not be permissible one day before the due date, then why not 2 days? 3? 4? 180? If we decide that it should be permissible with no medical complications then why not "merely" potential medical complications? Minor complications? Moderate complications?In the absence of clear answers, I support maximum autonomy for the woman.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Is not a birth date an equally arbitrary line?Would you support a right of the mother to kill a baby a day after birth?  What is the big difference with one day before birth and one day after birth?That would square with maximal autonomy of the woman. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I would argue that birth is an unambiguous event rather than an arbitrary line. After birth there is no longer a fetus living in the woman but a human being living in the world.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Bu that being is basically exactly the same on the day of birth as he was a day before.Why was it OK to kill that being yesterday, but not today?Sounds pretty arbitrary.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
It's not even remotely the same. After birth there is no longer a fetus living inside the woman.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
So?  Why does a physical location of the fetus matters?Imagine a woman is giving birth. At which EXACT moment is it no longer OK to kill the fetus?When the labor begins?  When only the head is out?  When the fetus is 50% out? 99% out? What is the difference? The being that is being born is pretty much the same.How can you decide on life or death on such a narrow ground?  All of this sounds extremely arbitrary.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
No, but that's because you would have to proactively kill it because it could survive outside the womb	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
So, would you be OK with a woman inducing birth on 24th week of pregnancy for no medical reason?The 23 week old fetus can probably survive, but will experience lifetime of health complications. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Yeah, if the doctors do what they can for the kid since it's their job.I cannot be forced to give up a kidney, or lung, or any part of me to keep someone else alive. It's the same concept, just because there is an age difference people get all emotional about it.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I would say that if you deliberately PUT ME in a position where I need a kidney to survive you should be forced to donate a kidney to me, or at the very least pay for my dialysis forever or getting a kidney transplant from another source. Same reasoning should be applied to viable fetuses.   Would you be OK with a woman who decided to induce on 23rd week old fetus being forced to pay for ALL medical expenses that the fetus will incur during his or her lifetime?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
But if people get in a wreck they don't force whoever was at fault to donate organs, do they?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I think they should. And at the very least they DO have to pay for medical treatment caused by the wreck.I would be OK with a law that forced drunk drivers to donate (non essential) organs to the victim of a wreck they caused.So, I repeat:Would you be OK with a woman who decided to induce a 23rd week old fetus being forced to pay for ALL medical expenses that the fetus will incur during his or her lifetime due to premature birth?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
This is predicated on the assumption that abortion is murder. It appears that you believe this to be the case, and while there's nothing wrong with that, there's a bunch of people who don't think it's murder, especially for early-term abortions. You'll see a lot of people describe a fetus or embryo as "just a bundle of cells," and up to a point, they are right. Nobody (or rather most don't) bat an eyelash at the billions of sperm cells doomed to tissue rags, or egg cells lost in tampons. Even miscarriages, tragic as they are, are never thought of as murder either. The moment at which "a bundle of cells" is believed to become human life or attains personhood varies incredibly from individual to individual-- which is exactly why abortion is such a hotly contested issue-- but because some people really do consider it to start much later than others, in their eyes, abortion truly is not murder, no more unethical or immoral than other medical operations where "a bundle of cells" are removed and left to wither.I can empathize with your internal struggles on this. Maybe it seems like these pro-choicers are just willfully ignoring their own cognitive dissonance and I don't doubt that some probably are. Still, I think that there are many who genuinely believe that at certain stages abortion isn't murder, and for them, it's both possible and logical that they can be anti-death penalty *and* pro-choice.As far as crafting counterarguments for these folk, I'm not exactly versed in debate/rhetoric/argumentation, but a good start is to probe them on when they think life starts and then to press them on how ambiguous their position inevitably is. For example, if they use Roe v. Wade as a defense, which is predicated on viability (the chances that a fetus could survive outside the womb), emphasize that continually advancing medical technologies will only further narrow that window over time.Emphasize how it's such a difficult moral quandary that the safe option is to simply assume it starts at conception. (And, if we allow ourselves a bit of near-future sci-fi, it shouldn't be long before a single zygote could be nurtured in a test tube to infanthood.)If they defend it with brain activity or consciousness... well I'm not sure. Being such a complex organ, again, it's too difficult to even say when life starts and how and what kind of brain activity would qualify as attaining personhood. You may get caught in a god-of-the-gaps style reasoning, that our only limitation for understanding consciousness is purely due to limitations in neurobiology. However, unlike believing or not believing in evolution, *if they're wrong*, then abortion undeniably becomes murder and therefore, it's probably for the best to leave those gaps as they are until the scientific community figures out all the details.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
∆ This thread has helped me develop my views better, and your comment in particular was long and well-thought out. Thank you. I appreciate your empathy and I appreciate your explanation on the moral quandaries that follow trying to determine where or when life actually starts.Also, thank you for your examples about the "bundle of cells" and the death of sperm cells or egg cells. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Pro-choice is exactly that.  Pro-CHOICE.  It doesn't mean pro-abortion.  It means leaving that choice up to the individuals involved.  That's what libertarianism is about.  The government staying out of your business and allowing you to do what YOU think is right instead of what **I** think is right. Regarding the death penalty, that's the government putting someone to death.  Ending the life of an unwilling person.  Even if you believe that a fetus is a full person with full legal rights, being pro-choice is not killing that person.  It's allowing someone else to make their own decisions.  Then, of course, there is the remaining issue of just what counts as a "person".	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  It means leaving that choice up to the individuals involved. That's what libertarianism is about.The golden rule of Libertarianism is the Non-Aggression Principle: "Every man is free to do that which he wills, provided he infringes not the equal freedom of any other man."-Herbert Spencer.Abortion may infringe upon a fetus' natural right to life...The fetus' natural right to life may infringe upon a mother's right to her body.Of course, if you're a Libertarian, you have to make some decision about responsibilities. When is a parent expected to sacrifice their natural rights for their children?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Which is why I say that your personal belief about the "personhood" of a fetus is central to your position on this.  If you don't believe that a fetus is a "person" entitled to the same status as a born person, then it's cut and dry, and obviously a woman's right to bodily autonomy wins.But if you DO believe that a fetus is just as much a person as the woman, THEN you have a bit of a dilemma, because their respective rights are at direct odds with one another.  One could say that said woman waived her right to autonomy when she allowed that fetus to be created in the first place. At some point, you HAVE to believe that you have a responsibility to that "thing" that trumps your natural rights to do what you want.  After all, we wouldn't say that you have a "right" to just let your children starve.Not my personal belief, but I don't think it's unreasonable to see it that way.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I think that last line is where I get hung up on.I was having a little debate about this with two of my strict conservative friends last night: I told them that I am pro-choice, because I don't think the government should be involved in whether or not a woman has to carry a fetus to birth. I think that people should be able to do what they want to and they can live with and deal with the consequences themselves. Both of their arguments against my pro-choice view were along the lines of "murder" and they say that we might as well "legalize murder and just let it happen and let murderers deal with the consequences of their own actions". That's where I get hung up on this issue, I think.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
[deleted]	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I think your claim about the mind being a key component of human life is spot-on. I especially liked your analogy about a man receiving a heart transplant not suddenly becoming two people.  "the only reason life is even important is to facilitate the mind."I agree. Your comment was helpful, thank you.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
[deleted]	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Yes, i think this will help me with my future conversations.Here, have a delta ∆	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
[deleted]	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I agree, it's hard to talk with people who are so set in their ways. When I was defending my stance as pro-choice to my conservative friends, one of them argued: "Well, the woman already *made* her choice! She *chose* to have sex in the first place. If she just wouldn't have had sex, she'd never be forced with the want to have an abortion." I just shook my head. It is frustrating to try and communicate objectively with people who are close-minded to the views of other people, or who don't want to put themselves in the shoes of another.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Counter-point: if a person is in a coma, do they lose personhood?  If they regain consciousness later, do they regain it?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
[deleted]	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I think for us to be able to say that an unborn life *does not* have a mind, we have to at least know what level of mental activity is present during a coma and at various stages of development.  To fail to do so is to act out of ignorance to lethal effect.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
[deleted]	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Do you know how early in development the nervous system starts to develop?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Well, this is a complicated issue, because it has no clear answer.  Whether or not a 15 week fetus is a "person" is entirely up to one's personal opinion, because science offers little in the way of a definitive answer.  It's up to what "counts" to you. And if you believe that that thing is a person, then it makes perfect logical sense to say that abortion is absolutely murder, and that it absolutely should be banned entirely.The thing is...I can't tell them they're wrong.  We just disagree.  I certainly can't say that they're being illogical, because if, in your mind, that fetus is just as much a person as you or I, then it makes perfect sense to call it murder.  	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Yeah, it is a very complicated issue. It boils down to each person's opinion and at that point I just kind of take the stance of "to each his own".	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Me too, which is exactly what "pro-choice" means.  But I honestly don't blame the pro-life people for thinking I'm deplorable for it.  The way they view things, being pro-choice IS pretty equivalent to saying that I really don't mind if people just murder each other in the streets.  But I don't see my stance, even in THAT light, as being contradictory to being opposed to the death penalty.  Allowing people to make their own choices is very different than the state taking an active role in killing someone.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Thank you, I see your point. That is helpful. ∆	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Would these anti-abortion people call for criminal investigations of every miscarriage to determine whether or not the miscarriage was the result of intervention by the woman or not?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Great point! 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Hmm.  I think that the points being directed towards you are being shaded a bit.  There is a lot of *opining* going on that say that the unborn is not yet a person and/or doesnt have rights and/or that a woman's right to choose supercede's the right to life (a very untenable argument in and of itself).  I think they arent giving you enough credit in how well your analogy holds up.  If the person on death row were instead allowed to live out the rest of their life in prison, this places a considerable burden on the taxpayer.  Why should the taxpayer be *forced* to either subsidize their continued existence, or allow them to run amuck?  If one values the life of a human being (even a heinous criminal) enough to take away society's ability to *choose* to terminate the guilty, then one could hardly justify the killing of the innocent (particularly when 99% of the time the one being killed is put into that situation not through any fault of their own, but from the decision [consensual sex] of **the very person who gets to decide to end their life**).  This would be more akin to dr evil offering for a homeless guy to stay for free at his evil lair that happens to be situated atop an active volcano with a helipad as the only means of egress, then raising the rent to one hundred million dollars and "evicting" him when he cant pay.  Since the homeless guy has no helicopter, he will be made to jump into the magma.  Now this isnt "murder" its just dr evil exercising his "rights" as a "landlord" to "evict" him into molten hot "magma."  Or, maybe dr evil should be made to provide safe transport himself or wait until such a time as the hobo is able to arrange for a chopper.  Still, the whole argument hinges on the perceived moral value of the unborn; if they are "just a clump of cells," then its no big deal. The *real* and very piercing question is: if you *decide* to view it that way, are you being objective or merely interpreting it that way to abate your nagging conscience harping on about all that cognitive dissonance?  Given that textbook definitions of "human" and "alive" seem to imply valued personhood, what can we come up with to convinvlce ourselves otherwise?  Is it worth it?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  Because I argue with myself: "well, if a woman should have a choice to kill the fetus inside her, shouldn't anyone have 'the choice' the kill any other human being?"The *only* reason a woman can kill the fetus inside of her is because the fetus is inside of her. Realistically, she's not "killing" the fetus so much as evicting it from her body. If there were an artificial womb, I'd fully support requiring fetal transplants instead of abortion. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I agree with you about the artificial womb point. If that were the case, I would have no qualms with fetal transplants and I suspect many pro-lifers would be fine with it too.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I am against the death penalty because it is unnecessarily expensive and can lead innocent people to being executed.I am pro-choice because I don't believe a fetus to be considered a human being. It's a clump of cells that slowly grows to be a person that will grow, walk, talk, etc.The main sticking point for the abortion debate is whether you believe a fetus to be a human being that the killing of constitutes murder. I don't, so there's really no inconsistency in my death penalty and abortion beliefs. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I guess I need to continue thinking about this and decide for myself what I believe a fetus to be.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  I am against the death penalty because it is unnecessarily expensive What do you think about this viewpoint I have (might not be correct I'd like to hear an opinion about it)? When you're keeping someone in prison for life, they're wasting resources (you have to kept him fed). While legal fees for the death penalty is going to a lawyer, a functioning member of society, therefore the death penalty 'wastes' less money for society net overall.  can lead innocent people to being executed.I can't argue with this. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Death penalty costs more than life imprisonment when accounting for costs like court time due to the appealshttp://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penaltyhttp://www.forbes.com/sites/kellyphillipserb/2014/05/01/considering-the-death-penalty-your-tax-dollars-at-work/#494fe1c217f0http://deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=42	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Yes I am aware of that. What I meant was, the fees goes to a lawyer, who is a functioning member of society. While keeping a prisoner alive is *literally* throwing taxpayer money down the shitter.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Ah.But what does it matter if the fees go to someone who is a functional member of society? By that standard, we could pay the lawyer to play Candy Crush for me. But that wouldn't be a good use of his time, therefore a waste of money.Wasting time that could be better spent doing anything else is time that can't be brought back.Also, by keeping a prisoner alive, you are paying multiple people to keep them there, who are all functional members of society.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  But what does it matter if the fees go to someone who is a functional member of society? Because the taxpayer is paying for these. I want to see parts of society benefiting from it.  Also, by keeping a prisoner alive, you are paying multiple people to keep them there, who are all functional members of society.Yes, but the food to upkeep an inmate is literally wasted. Society benefits zero from that. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
So is the work that a lawyer and judge have to do to execute someone. Society doesn't benefit from having someone killed; they're already out of society forever.The more money that is used= the more money that could be spent elsewhere. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  Society doesn't benefit from having someone killed; they're already out of society forever.Yes they do. They save money on having to spend resources of keeping somebody alive that will not give back to society.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
The most obvious difference for me is that a fetus is not human. It has no higher thinking capabilities and it would be ridiculous to claim a single cell is a human, so the starting point of life cannot be conception. The fetus lives within the woman, and is entirely reliant upon her, while doing damage to her body. It is essentially a parasite, and so the woman should have the choice to not support it any more.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I like the last line that you used:  It is essentially a parasite, and so the woman should have the choice to not support it anymore. Curious, when do you believe the starting point of life to be?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I am not a qualified biologist, so I can't give an exact answer. The start point for life seems to be birth, as its the most straightforward answer and the clearest cut off point.The question ends up similar to the old paradox about how many grains of sand are necessary to make a heap, there isn't a set point. I would say that late term abortions are probably less acceptable than early ones, since the fetus is more human, but from a legal perspective birth is the logical place to put it, with perhaps some restrictions on reasons for late term abortions.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
of course, looking at the actual statistics, late-term abortions are almost universally due to unexpected health complications for the mother or fetus, such as discovering that the fetus is horribly malformed and has little to no chance of life once it is born.Oddly enough, women almost never go through months and months of discomfort and the hormonal and physical changes of pregnancy, only to change their minds at the last minute.  In fact, if abortion access was -easier-, more of them would happen even earlier in the process, in the first month or two at most.  Stupid abortion laws delay abortions, but they sure as hell don't stop them!   Putting restrictions on "late-term abortions" only harms the would-be parents, who are often already devastated to discover that their -wanted- child has little to no chance at life, or may be critically endangering the mother and making her choose between her fetus and her own life. (and up until at least 26 weeks, the fetus is almost sure to die if removed, so the loss of the mother would likely mean the loss of both.)	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
The restrictions I referred to would certainly not deal with cases where the fetus was unlikely to survive or where there is a serious risk to the mother. I only really suggested those as a conciliation to those who argue that the beginning of life is before birth. It's unlikely that they should be necessary, but it curbs fears of "baby killers" as the anti-abortion people would say.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Of course the beginning of "life" is before birth.  It's before conception, too!  Both the sperm and the egg are alive, and that unbroken chain of life goes back literally -millions- of years.That's one of the things that gets me most about the "when does life begin?" debate.  It's an unbroken chain, not a series of sudden events, and the people who claim "life" begins after the fusion of egg and sperm are just picking an arbitrary point.  Something like half of fertilized eggs are spontaneously aborted, so if life begins at conception, that makes God (if S/He existed) into the most prolific abortionist in history!We've got a perfectly good threshold to use instead - Birth.  At that point, the infant is no longer a parasite in the mother's body.  No more worries about the bodily autonomy of the mother, the infant can breathe and survive without using the mother's body.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I agree with late term abortions being less acceptable, but birth is a very logical place to put it.Liked your grains of sand into a heap analogy too. ∆	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Part of the issue comes down to whether or not you view a fetus/zygote/embryo as having the same moral weight as an already-born human. Usually, we look at this as the right of the human in the womb to live vs the bodily autonomy rights of the person carrying it. In this case, pro-choice people will typically rule in favour of the person who has already been born, which means it is a bit odd to say this contradicts anti death penalty views, as they also deal with the rights of people who are already born. It's also important to note that there are multiple reasons to oppose/support either issue, not all of which are about ethics. Someone could conceivably be pro-choice because they feel teen pregnancy has a negative effect on the national economy, and oppose the death penalty because it can cost more than prison.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I heard an analogy that was something like: "Imagine that a hospital is on fire. There is a cooling container of 100 fertilized eggs and next to it, a three year old child. You only have time to save one, are you going to grab the 100 eggs or the living, breathing child, begging you for his life?"I find it unbelievable that anyone would pick the fertilized eggs over an actual child in that situation, and I can connect that to being pro-choice as well. The woman's life is more valuable than the cells developing inside her womb.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I'm pro choice because I believe we can't truly end oppression of women unless women have the right to control their reproductibe choices. And I know that in countries where abortion is illegal, women will still try and get abortions, and these illegal abortions are much more unsafe than an abortion obtained through a licensed physician. There are practical reasons to be pro choice that you can't ignore.Ending the death penalty also has practical considerations for physicians, who ethically cannot give someone a lethal injection. This means that, again, we are having people who aren't well qualified, performing a medical procedure, which can have consquences. Here are some botched executions that have taken place:http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/some-examples-post-furman-botched-executionsI'm against the death penalty because we can't guarantee them a quick and painless death. The botched executions are barbaric and not something I think has a place in the US. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
It's important to remember that the legality of abortion isn't about a woman's right to kill a fetus, but a woman's freedom from being forced to keep it in her body. That said, I'm not sure the leap you're making between abortion and the death penalty make all that much sense. Why should we *have* to kill convicts simply because abortion is legal and he's locked up? I don't see the link between the two. You seem to be suggesting that we should put him out of his misery because he's locked up anyway, but being locked up for a long time is precisely the point: it's his punishment for having committed a serious crime.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
That makes sense. I guess I just connected the two as in: a fetus is "trapped" inside a woman's body (though I understand that it's not there "as a punishment"), and a prisoner is "trapped" in prison. Neither really has much freedom. So isn't killing a prisoner taking away their right to life, just as much as aborting a fetus would be taking away that right as well?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
 So isn't killing a prisoner taking away their right to life, just as much as aborting a fetus would be taking away that right as well?Well, I think that the death penalty is wrong, but I think that abortion should be a legal option for women. I think that the death penalty should be abolished for a variety of reasons, including false convictions, lack of deterrent, and a general interest in humanity. It's true that convicts' rights are restricted, yes, but the thing about a fetus is that they don't have rights. The legality of abortion is actually a way of preserving the pregnant woman's right to her own body. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I agree with you, on all points. Thank you	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I'm glad I could help! Care to grant me a delta if that's the case? 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
∆ Thanks again!	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  Can anyone help me understand how someone could be both pro-choice and against the death penalty? A murderer or traitor is already a person at the time the crimes are committed, so a moral prohibition against killing people is in play. If that person rejects the idea that "personhood begins at conception", then supporting the choice to have an abortion doesn't bring that same prohibition into context until after whatever point that person considers the fetus "a person". Alternately: A person may have no philosophical opposition to the death penalty, but also pragmatically recognize that their particular judicial system is too broken, corrupt, or incompetent to be allowed to make irreversible judgements. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
∆ Thank you for your alternate view and explaining how you can pragmatically recognize the incompetence of the judicial system.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Well, I think if you don't consider early term fetuses to be 'alive' then it makes perfect sense.  The struggle is convincing people that fetuses aren't alive and at what stage it's acceptable.  And that's a very tricky thing to do.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
That is very tricky. I think for me, a fetus is not a human being because it does not have a mind of it's own. It doesn't think for itself, act for itself, or do anything for itself. It depends entirely on the woman during the pregnancy, and I don't think it's right to mandate that the woman do that.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
  That is very tricky. I think for me, a fetus is not a human being because it does not have a mind of it's own. It doesn't think for itself, act for itself, or do anything for itself. Neither does a 2 year old. Should we abort them too?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
They're already born, so an abortion would not be possible.But I see your point.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I think the point has been lost, actually. Full mind development is not gained until after year 1 - memories, complex meaningful thought, higher functions. So until the mind develops, why wouldn't it be okay to end/kill/abort the "thing"?  After all, you can't be a human until you have a mind?  I ask as a thought experiment since almost all defenses to prochoice in the thread has hinged on when life starts. Which is a valid argument.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I guess what you bring up is an important argument. Something for me to think about further. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I am not in favour of the death penalty but definately pro-choice and there is no conflict because whether or not death should be used as a penalty has nothing to do with the fact that a woman should have more right to her body then something with the potential to become a person.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Here's an interesting thought that sounds awful but is technically true. The 14th amendment says that all people born and naturalized in the us are citizens and thus are guaranteed equal protection under the law. A fetus is not yet born and therefore by the letter of the law cannot be considered a citizen	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
You're right, sounds awful, but absolutely true when it comes legality of it. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
You can be against the death penalty for reasons that have nothing to do with being pro-life/anti-murder/whatever.  I think there is an entirely sound argument that the death penalty is ineffective and ultimately accrues no positive value for society. More costly than life in prison without parole and in no way an effective deterrent. So why even bother? That reasoning is completely unrelated to anyone's views on abortion, which frees you to consider your opinion on abortion completely separately from your position on death penalty.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I'm anti death penalty and pro choice.   My pro choice stance is probably different, that is that laws against will only create more problems than it solves.  Too many (not all) cases are important medical decisions.  Inflexible laws create big problems.  Morally, as a libertarian, I view it as the baby has no autonomy until it's born.  The solution (to less abortions) is a cultural shift, not laws.  Laws don't have to fix all our problems.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
This is a smart answer !delta. Thank you. I agree that laws can frequently solve more problems than resolve them.  I'd love to chat more with you about other issues, and see where you stand as a libertarian and what your arguments are.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
People who are pro-choice often make the argument that the fetus is not a person so it is not murder. A felon is a person, so killing them requires different moral considerations potentially than killing a non-person. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
On one hand there is a procedure and the individual is getting a fair trial, they did something wrong (presumably terrible) and their death will serve as a deterrent for those who want to commit similar crimes and gives peace and closure to victims of serious crimes. On the other hand, a single individual killing a perfectly Innocent humanoid who has no say in the matter I don't see how they can be even casually compared. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
**Note:** Your thread has **not** been removed.Your post's topic seems to be fairly common on this subreddit. Similar posts can be found through our [wiki page](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/abortion#link) or via the [search function](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/search?q=abortion&amp;amp;amp;restrict_sr=on).Regards, the mods of /r/changemyview.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/changemyview) if you have any questions or concerns.*	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Indeed, you could have some nuanced argument to oppose abortion that doesn't apply to the Death penalty.If your argument to oppose abortion is that all life is utterly sacred, and that it should never be taken, then you have a problem with hypocrisy.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
What moral theory states that some people are worth more than others? If you commit a small crime are you worth less than me and if the situation arises- you should be the one to get killed? The majority of pro-life supporters are Christian (at least they're the vocal majority) and they should truly believe that each person is made perfect in the eyes of God. Naturally, our lives are not worth more than others. Each life is equal. Unless you prove that we can attribute value to a life, I don't think you can fully support this argument. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Almost everyone agrees that some people's freedoms are more valuable than others; that's why prisons exist. If we can differentiate between those who do and do not deserve liberty, why can't we do the same with life?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I think that's a great question. But differentiating over freedom is largely rooted over practicality, and helping to allow for the maximum number of people to enjoy their rights (eg, by taking murderers and such off the streets). If we had a near limitless amount of land, I would totally be in favor of exile as opposed to prison time. But we don't, and choices must be made about how we handle situations in order to maintain a standard of living within our freedom.However, capital punishment does none of these. It promotes making yet another judgement about fundamental rights, and yields no benefit in terms of the rest of society, especially since it is more expensive to administer the death penalty, given the appeals process, than to house a prisoner for life.And all of this misses the most blatant reason why there is a difference. While a change of evidence/overturn of conviction can be administered if a person is in jail, there is no way to even partially rectify the situation when there is a wrongful sentence to death. And it becomes negligent manslaughter by the government. That is just *not* okay.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I'm not sure by what standard you state what Christians "should truly believe". If you're using the bible, while it certainly has some passages that show the value of human life, likewise it has passages that support the death penalty. Also, no Christian I know (myself included) believes that humans were made perfect in the eyes of God; we are all born sinners, which is the entire reason we need a savior. If we were perfect, we wouldn't have needed the son of God. The value of life isn't the issue; the issue is the price to be paid for certain crimes. I believe that a human life is certainly valuable; as such, the price paid for murder is death. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
But then don't you get into the issue of an all great creator purposefully creating sinners just to send them to hell? Since he is all knowing and all powerful? All the Christians on my fb wall btw always post statuses relating to how God loves them cause they were created in his image and everything. But with the religion talk aside do you think then that ALL murderers should be given the death penalty? What about the fact that some people who died through the death penalty were later found to be innocent? Wouldn't capital punishment in those circumstances then be simply unjustified murder? 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Not necessarily. Some people (again, I'm including myself) believe that sinners are not necessarily condemned to hell. In fact, the whole point of the savior is that sinners can go to heaven, through forgiveness. God is all-knowing and all-powerful, but if people didn't have free choice to sin, of what value would virtue be? None. Yes, we do believe that God created us (and by that I mean ALL humans, not just Christians), but that doesn't mean we're identical; his perfection is not ours.I believe that all people of sound, developed mind found to have committed premeditated murder should be put to death. Yes, some people are punished who are innocent; that is true of any punishment. Under those circumstances, no, I wouldn't consider capital punishment unjustified murder; it was done in the name of the law, so long as the mistake was honest. It is certainly a very regrettable mistake, and it warrants a great deal of inquiry and correction, but that is the price we pay for an imperfect world.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
The moment you say "all XXX group should" is the moment your argument falls apart. Some christians agree with you, some don't. Neither group is a small fringe, so you have no justification to say they are wrong out of hand. Both groups take the same bible and come to different conclusions. And many people come to precisely the opposite conclusion that you do.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Sorry I meant to say that a majority of them believe that, not that they should. I mistyped. As a former Christian I know that many views within each branch differ greatly 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Ahh, I see. In that case I would have to disagree. There is a new wave of, for lack of a better term, "hippy" christians that are all about love and acceptance for everyone. This isn't terrible, but it's not really biblical. The bible does have clear guidelines for who's okay and who's not, and while we may all be given grace through christ, there are still things that you aren't supposed to do. Beyond this group there are also plenty of people who aren't so accepting. The majority of supporters of capital punishment are self-professed christians. It's a favorite conservative subject, and it's popular in the bible belt (just ask Texas). 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
The majority of every position in the USA is Christian... Because the vast majority of Americans are Christian. Pro-lifers? Majority Christian. Pro-choice? Majority Christian. Anti-gay right? Majority Christian. Pro gay rights? Majority Christian. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Okay. Next time I will say that the majority of Christians are pro life. I'm sorry I made a mistake 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Haha, it's okay. It's the same thing with white people in the USA. Rich people? Mostly white. Poor people? Mostly white. People with degrees? Mostly white. High school dropouts? Mostly white. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Who said a murderer had given up his right to life? Who made that an automatic, objective rule?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
No one, this CMV is about hypocrisy, not objective morality.Hypocrisy is when a stated belief is contradicted by actions. I could say that I believe that left handed people deserve to die, and I wouldn't be a hypocrite just because I am wrong.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
 Inversely, a murderer has voluntarily given up his right to life by choosing to kill someone else.Why is this? I get that it's an accepted view in modern society, but I don't think it is sound. Does a thief permanently give up the right to securing his belongings after stealing? 	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
**Note:** Your thread has **not** been removed.Your post's topic seems to be fairly common on this subreddit. Similar posts can be found through our [wiki page](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/abortion#link) or via the [search function](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/search?q=abortion&amp;amp;amp;restrict_sr=on).Regards, the mods of /r/changemyview.*[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview) if you have any questions or concerns.*	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
Doing either on its own is already hypocritical. Do you think they cancel each other out or something?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
I'm not sure you know what the word "hypocritical" means.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
[deleted]	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
This isn't about what is and is not a human; the OP states clearly that he/she is pro-choice. It is about whether someone who does regard a fetus as a human can be pro-life and pro-death penalty without being logically inconsistent.	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
This has literally nothing to do with the original post. Did you even read the argument?	If Death Penalty is allowed, abortion should be legal, too
 I'm sorry, but if countries and states don't give a damn that they are killing human beings - even if the human being commits a "horrible" crime, what is wrong with (biologically) healthy individuals killing themselves if they so choose?  There will be devil's advocates when this is how you present your argument. Countries that have the death penalty have them either because they believe it is the ultimate form of punishment reserved for "ultimate" crimes (mass/repeat murder, treason, etc), acts as a deterrent, removes an unwanted person from society or just saves money compared to life in prison. There are reasons why a nation would have the death penalty on the table that are completely independent from whether or not helping someone else kill themselves should be legal. You are trying to turn two debates into one, but they have very little in common. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
The issues of death penalty and euthanasia aren't all that different--they're both about who (if anyone) has the authority to end someone's life--and the OP is essentially correct in pointing out the absurdity of a government whose justice system is the *only* authority permitted to kill its citizens.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
But really how absurd is it? The justice system (in most developed nations) isn't just a group of people who decide who lives and dies. Through the various checks and balances present between the government branches, the process of a jury being chosen, etc. the decisions made in court a very much extensions of the opinions of the society the accused resides in.Ideally, the government is simply a system to organize and put into effect the decisions of the governed. Obviously it's not the case everywhere yet if you have a plan to establish just governments across the world go ahead.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
but why should that system trump one's own self?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
When someone wants to die without a physical health reason (aka, is already dying), then it is a mental health issue that should be treated, not given in to. If you don't believe me, ask the hundreds of thousands who have attempted suicide and are now glad that they failed.Yet, when someone is sentenced to the death penalty and has gone all the way through the appeals process to no avail, it essentially means society wants them to die. And that is alright because it means everyone else, all of the good-natured contributions to the progress of the human race benefits from it.Obviously there are arguments against both arguments I presented, but like I said, they are separate with separate consequences and in no way should be considered an all or nothing deal.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
why should psychological anguish be different from physical? why should we be telling people, "no, you're pain is the wrong kind, you're going to have to wait until it kills you inderectly"	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Because psychological illnesses cannot be terminal. It can always be treated and diminished. IIRC we don't let people kill themselves unless their illness is terminal.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
so, somebody who is suffering from psychological illness kills themselves because of that illness, they have not died because of that illness?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
 If you don't believe me, ask the hundreds of thousands who have attempted suicide and are now glad that they failed.How about people like me that tried and failed multiple times and are pissed off that they failed and wish they could just easily end it all because their life is a cesspool of shit that has not been getting better and due to their circumstances will not? I imagine you'll say,"well just don't pay rent and go buy a gun instead." It's not that simple. There's always a nagging part of you that tries to keep you alive. Keep you going through your paces. Literally keeping you doing the shit you want to escape. I just want it to be legal. Sanctioned. No fear of repercussions like involuntary lock up if I fail. Let me fucking die with someone dignity. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
There are a ton of methods out there that can kill you with certainty. Ultimately if you want to die then you will do it. Jump off a large bridge/building/parking garage, take a tylenol and soak in warm water for a few minutes then slit your wrists, electrocute your chest with enough voltage, carbon monoxide poisoning. The list really does go on and on and on.If you really wanted to die you would do it. End of story.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
*claps* bravo. Spoken exactly like someone who doesn't understand at all the thought process that drives someone to end their life. You've got a lot to learn. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  due to their circumstances will not?You don't know the future bro, that is the depression speaking. I know because I have it too, I have attempted suicide too, you aren't alone in everything you are feeling. Please seek help at /r/depression or other related subreddits or one of the hotlines that is posted there.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
 The issues of death penalty and euthanasia aren't all that different--they're both about who (if anyone) has the authority to end someone's lifeI disagree, they have a certain thing in common (death by the hands of the government), but the arguments for why one is valid and the other isn't (regardless of which is which) are more much complex and specific to each than the one thing they have in common. Adding any of these factors makes it clear that the decision for one should have zero outcome of the decision of the other.    absurdity of a government whose justice system is the only authority permitted to kill its citizens  That doesn't come off as absurd though, does it? If you were to guess which part of the government that could kill its citizens, it would be the military and the justice system, wouldn't it?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
For what I see, in a State with death penalty and without euthanasia, the State still have power over the life of its citizens. Monarchist much?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
A lifetime prison sentence is less expensive than the death penalty. The legal process for death row is *very* extensive and it takes years to prepare. Beyond that, the prisioner will be held, fed, clothed, etc. for the duration of the setup. Then they have to pay specialists to actually perform the procedure. They have to have a legal team ready to go as well, because depending on the circumstances (something goes wrong, etc.) the family of the inmate might sue for cruel and unusual punishment. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I think he's making an example for why *someone would argue that*, not that the argument is, indeed, correct. Also that's really just in the case for the United States. The Saudis, for example, save an exorbitant amount of money simply executing their prisoners.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I see. I was interpreting "death penalty" from OP's standpoint where he seemed to be talking about more civilized countries. I don't think OP is quite fighting for the right to a merciful death in countries where talking shit about the color of some dude's shoes might get your head chopped off and shat in. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  I see. I was interpreting "death penalty" from OP's standpoint where he seemed to be talking about more civilized countriesWhich civilized countries, with the exception of the US, have the death penalty? If it's only the US, then that's not a great sample size for how it could work - the US is pretty unique in a lot of ways, especially when it comes to crime and punishment, and getting bang for your buck.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
[deleted]	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Cheers, it'd be interesting to see what these three countries have in common and what they don't. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
You're speaking about a very specific instance of the death penalty and of life in prison. It doesnt have to be more expensive to kill someone than it does to keep them in prison for life. It can, in fact, be very cheap. The argument that it is more economical, is, if anything, simply an argument that too much money is spent on the legal process of killing someone. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Except for those pesky people who keep getting found to be innocent. That'd be a fairly strong argument that the amount being spent on legal costs for death row inmates isn't too much.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
You are speaking specifically about the USA which is one of the few (maybe the only?)  countries that hands out death sentences like they are candy while at the same time granting the convict a lot of rights such as multiple appeals, good living and dying conditions AND has complicated execution methods like lethal injections. I doubt most of these must be issues in other countries that kill a lot of people like China or Saudi Arabia.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
 A lifetime prison sentence is less expensive than the death penalty. I hate that being used in just about any death penalty debate, because it acts as though that's a necessary inherent part of the death penalty. It isn't. I really doubt it's true over in China, too.Everything you just said is an argument against the current US implementation of the death penalty. It doesn't carry over to a general argument against the death penalty as a whole.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Maybe so, but the arguments you see about the death penalty are usually about the US, so it's a good argument in practice for the most part.With that said, maybe it is an inherent part of the death penalty. Yeah, you can say that you can theoretically kill people for the cost of a bullet (or a garrote or whatever) and that costs less than putting someone up in a prison for life, and that's obviously true, but then who says putting someone up in prison for life needs to be a net loss? Certainly, more money is spent on prisoners than really needs to be too, and living prisoners can provide what amounts to slave labor which could provide vastly more value than the cost of housing them over the rest of their lives.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
You know that this is unique to the US, right? Most other countries that have the death penalty do not allow for a lengthy appeals process. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Source?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
 A lifetime prison sentence is less expensive than the death penalty.  The legal process for death row is *very* extensive and it takes years to prepare. Beyond that, the prisioner will be held, fed, clothed, etc. for the duration of the setup. Then they have to pay specialists to actually perform the procedure. They have to have a legal team ready to go as well, because depending on the circumstances (something goes wrong, etc.) the family of the inmate might sue for cruel and unusual punishment. You're writing this in regard to the US. In poorer countries with limited rights, once you're covicted of a capital crime,  you're dead within a few weeks. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
In America it's more expensive, not necessarily other countries like Malaysia or China.  	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I think that idea is that if a state doesn't value human life enough to preserve it even when someone commits a horrible crime then they shouldn't be trying to preserve it when someone is in pain and dying.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  There will be devil's advocates when this is how you present your argument. Okay fine. Then theoretically, if a person wanted to kill themselves enough that he is willing to commit a horrible crime to receive the death penalty, what then assuming no one knows that that person is willing to?  There are reasons why a nation would have the death penalty on the table that are completely independent from whether or not helping someone else kill themselves should be legal.Please specify.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Without meaning to step on /u/workinglol's toes, the basic reasoning comes down to the use of State-committed/sanctioned violence.    State-sanctioned violence is supposed to be reserved for those individuals and groups that threaten the State in some way. Criminals, aggressor nations, terrorists etc. We have a long tradition of very high standards for a finding of guilt, such is our opposition to the violence (coercion really) of imprisonment. Police are rightly vilified when they overstep their bounds - so much so that it is hard for their own voices to be heard when the public makes assumptions about their behaviour before having all the facts. The point is that the State exists to protect citizens from harm. The death penalty is very cautiously applied because of its permanence and because this ultimate harm to an individual has to be justified against the interests of the State.  If you're healthy and you genuinely want to end it, there are hundreds of options that don't require State assistance. Most of them are ugly and messy, but what the hell do you care? Euthanasia is really only worth discussing in the realm of assisted suicide, where someone who is terminally ill or infirm in some way wants to end their life but is unable to do it themselves. In these scenarios the main question is whether or not State-sanctioned violence can be justified against someone who has not harmed or threatened the State. There are also very important ethical concerns, especially for the mentally infirm.  So the two things really aren't connected. I don't think it's necessary to go through the reasoning in it's entirety because this CMV is not about whether euthanasia is a good idea but rather that the existence of a death penalty in a given State indicates something about the value of human life which should be reflected by euthanasia laws. I personally think that euthanasia should be an option in certain circumstances, but it has zero connection with the death penalty. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
This whole response very nearly convinced me to CMV. But after I read it several times, when these two sentences that you wrote are next to each other, they stood out:  We have a long tradition of very high standards for a finding of guilt, such is our opposition to the violence (coercion really) of imprisonment. and   The point is that the State exists to protect citizens from harm. I find this first statement questionable. If there are "very high standards for finding guilt", why is it then that [DNA evidence exonerates 300th prisoner nationwide](http://articles.latimes.com/2012/oct/01/nation/la-na-dna-evidence-20121001)? That means 300 people who were sentenced to the death penalty just in the US alone were found to actually be not guilty of the crime they were found guilty of.When I understand that, the second statement becomes somewhat contradictory. I do think the state exists to protect the citizens; or at least that is its intention. However, the state exists to protect the state from harm first and foremost before it exists to protect citizens from harm. I can justify the rationale that euthanasia should be made illegal in states that bans the death penalty as it is logically consistent. However I can't buy it when it comes to countries/states with the death penalty. You say:  Police are rightly vilified when they overstep their boundsThe bounds for places that legalize the death penalty then is broad. The bounds include the fact that it is okay to kill a living human being who has committed a crime. So therefore killing people under certain circumstances rather than rehabilitating them is okay in this particular place. If so then it is only logically consistent to allow euthanasia in a state that allows the death penalty if the death penalty is already justified to be in the bounds of its laws.  If you're healthy and you genuinely want to end it, there are hundreds of options that don't require State assistance. That's the thing. It should be officially allowed by the state that allows the death penalty so that the person trying to commit suicide isn't put in prison for failed attempts. I reason it this way because I am aware that the state can choose three things: to help the person through rehabilitation, punish the person, or do nothing. In places which legalizes the death penalty, in most cases, the person who attempted a failed suicide is punished. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I have tried to crystallise the purposes and rationales that are most relevant - naturally there are other reasons for the State to exist, and failures of justice in the making, application and routine practice of the law. My point was really that the two things are not connected.    The rationale for euthanasia centres around a person's right to self-determination. Advocates usually reason that they seek to have the State restore the choice to die to those who no longer have that option. They will also bring up that prolonging lives that do not want to be prolonged is a cost to the State, but they are always side points. The disagreement surrounding euthanasia is largely about whether and how such a system would be abused - greedy beneficiaries or con-men convincing Granny to die early for their own gain; the mentally infirm being unaware of what they are agreeing to, or unable to express themselves; psychopath doctors pushing death as the best solution to patients who are in a vulnerable position. The interests of the State barely rate a mention.  The considerations re: capital punishment are completely different. They are entirely concerned with the State's interests and responsibilities.    I guess what I'm trying to get at here is that your premise is flawed. Justifying putting someone to death in one circumstance does not mean the same arguments can apply in another. Surgeons are not (usually) prosecuted if a patient dies on their table. IANAL but in most places (including those without a death penalty :P) self-defence is also a defence for ending someone's life. These are two scenarios where a person's death at the hand of another is excusable by the State, and each of them uses vastly different reasoning to each other, and to that which applies to the death penalty. If you accept that this is true, then I think you have to consider the possibility that completely separate reasoning could apply to euthanasia as well.    I'm not going to try to convince you that States with a death penalty should or should not have euthanasia. I'm trying to say that the two are nowhere near as connected as you think, so you should reconsider your starting point.     :)	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  The disagreement surrounding euthanasia is largely about whether and how such a system would be abused I have to admit, so far you always come close to convincing me to CMV. However, just because a system can be abused, that doesn't mean it shouldn't be implemented. Especially if, as I have said, there is plenty of abuse with the death penalty; and a sizeable amount of people who were sentenced to death were later found to be innocent. Remember, we are talking about places that legalize the death penalty and continue to use it. They obviously don't care that much that innocent people are being killed by the death penalty as they have not yet removed the death penalty. If a society understands that the death penalty can be abused, and has been many times and yet still decides the death penalty is justified, abuse that can occur with euthanasia in said society should be irrelevant using the same logic for justifying the death penalty as the death of innocent people via death penalty does not deter said society from implementing the death penalty.Also, I know the death penalty and euthanasia are two different things. But they are still very much related as they both are about officially ending a person's life legally.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  Remember, we are talking about places that legalize the death penalty and continue to use it. They obviously don't care that much that innocent people are being killed by the death penalty as they have not yet removed the death penalty. But that's not necessarily the case.  Ask yourself:  why do the people in those places think the death penalty is a reasonable thing to institute and practice?  Why do they have safeguards?  If they don't care much for the possibility of someone innocent being executed, then why do they have such a huge barrier to execution?  How much money do criminals spend as they work their way through the death row appeals process?  Would it not be simpler for the process to be easier?  The people who live in those places care a great deal, which is why the death penalty can take around two decades to actually be implemented.  The whole idea behind the caution is to avoid executing innocent people.You're dealing with two entirely different types of people.  One is regarded as a horrific threat to the populace because that person murdered a thousand kids, and the other is suffering in the last throes of illness.  You decide to kill both of them, and you have to explain to your peers and their respective families, why you did it.  Are you really saying that you would give both parties the same explanation, "They had to die," and that the difference in how you got to that conclusion for both individuals is irrelevant?The conclusion, yes, is the same, but the *rationale* is different.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  Ask yourself: why do the people in those places think the death penalty is a reasonable thing to institute and practice?I've thought about this before. [both the Islamic religion and the Christian religion as well as other common religions strongly denounce suicide](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religious_views_on_suicide). I find that when I compare the countries that still have death penalties, they are usually very religiously inclined and my guess is that religion has a major influence.   If they don't care much for the possibility of someone innocent being executed, then why do they have such a huge barrier to execution? They do to a certain extent, but not enough to make sure that no one who is innocent gets on death row. Maybe I can excuse it if it was 2 wrong executions every 50-100 years. But hundreds of people die innocent on the death penalty and are still being exonerated to this day.   How much money do criminals spend as they work their way through the death row appeals process?Well killing people through state sanction is expensive in and of itself. Instead of that question, we should ask "why not use that money to rehabilitate rather than to kill?" But these people really prefer retribution over rehabilitation. I don't know why for sure, but I will guess that it stems from religious origin.  The conclusion, yes, is the same, but the rationale is different.Oh okay. I can get behind the fact that there are unique reasonings that can apply to the legaization of the death penalty that can't apply to the legalization of euthanasia and vice verca. i didn't deny or explicitly make a statement regarding this (i think?) so sorry for the confusion.   You decide to kill both of themActually no. People on the death penalty have to take death. There is no two ways around it. People who want euthanasia will have to decide on their own if they want it and they will have to meet all the stringent requirements by themselves.I didn't say the state would have to necessarily administer the euthanasia, I'm saying that the state should legalize euthanasia. It is up to the individual to go about doing it and providing the funds necessary to do so.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I actually typed up a very good response but for some reason it didn't post so I'm not typing it all again so I'm just simplifying my reasoning. If you require further explanation please ask.   The disagreement surrounding euthanasia is largely about whether and how such a system would be abusedLike last time, this came very close to CMV. The problem is places that legalize the death penalty already know that innocent people are being killed via death penalty who are later found to be innocent.This means that said society thinks that despite the fact that innocent people are killed by the death penalty, it is still worth having. Therefore, if innocent people being killed by the death penalty doesn't deter said places from having the death penalty in the first place, they should have no problem with the fact that euthanasia can be abused. In other words, their logic for continuing to implement the death penalty is "well, a few innocent people might be killed, but that's just a small amount compared to the amount of people we've punished." Remember, this is considering that this same authority that implements the death penalty can also choose to rehabilitate these members of society but chooses not to in favor of killing them.Finally, I am aware that the death penalty and euthanasia are two different things. But on this particular issue, I think they intertwine because they are both about ending human lives by making it acceptable to society by legalizing it. I hope this is posted, because I am not typing this up again.**Edit:** apparently, it just took an extra few minutes for the post to be added. Oh well. I'm leaving this up here to show that I actually wrote another response because the other post didn't show for quite a long time.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
well, I'm glad I came close anyway :). I think where you and I disagree fundamentally is how important the difference is between one type of legal death-causing and another. I think we even agree that euthanasia is actually a good idea (although no doubt we each disagree on how/when it should be made available).    You offered further explanation, so if I may: what do you have to say about the other two examples I gave, namely surgeons and self-defence? I pointed them out because your view seems to centre around the idea that if one form of legal killing is OK, then another form should be OK. As I said surgical complications and self-defence are both socially accepted legal defences when someone dies by the action or inaction of another. By your logic, it should follow that euthanasia should be allowed in all jurisdictions where this is the case, but I think that very idea is flawed as it compares two things that can't really be compared.    Glad to have almost CYV, maybe you can make your view clearer for the next person :P	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Thanks! I sure enjoyed our conversation too.For the surgeon: it depends on how clear cut the evidence is. But generally no. It would just deter surgeons from undergoing risky procedures ever and the person undergoing the surgery has probably already consented that she will be at a minimal risk of dying.About self-defence, I don't know what I could add to that other than sure: they are vastly different reasoning but they are both very much justified.  By your logic, it should follow that euthanasia should be allowed in all jurisdictions where this is the case...I think after reading your explanations several times I'm sort of seeing where you're going with how it can be unfair to put a blanket viewpoint on a complex issue as euthanasia.But once again, to me the point is moot when you consider the death penalty. There is no such thing as "murdering someone by stabbing them because that person who was stabbed wanted to or asked for it". By law, that murder is a murder. A surgeon who accidentally kills a woman who consents that she might risk death by undergoing a procedure is not murder because the woman gave wilful consent under no threat. So the surgeon who accidentally causes the death of a woman bearing a child that consents that she could be killed by the operation is not considered a murderer under the law.It's actually clear cut for a reason. Euthanasia isn't murder if the person wanting to die gives consent under no threat. And this can obviously be one such requirement: that you must consent to death for X amount of time and it will be investigated that you are not under any direct threat, etc. This probably doesn't exactly justify euthanasia worldwide, but it certainly justifies it for places that already allow the death penalty.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
The point here isn't to argue the merits of euthanasia and the merits of the death penalty. Your view is that a state which has the death penalty *must also* have euthanasia if it is to be fair.Euthanasia and the death penalty are two separate issues.The argument pro-euthanasia involves ending suffering and individual liberty (choice)The argument anti-euthanasia involves the sanctity of life, and in your examples the validity of choice when it involves ending one's life (are they depressed and can be helped? Are they homeless and can be helped in other ways that do not involve death?)The argument pro-death penalty is punishment and deterrence. You are a bad person, you have done evil things, you should not live.The argument anti-death penalty is the authority of the state to kill its own citizens, and the imperfection of any justice system.While certain points of the pro and anti groups do intersect (sanctity of life), one is not necessarily contradicting themselves if they are anti-euthanasia and pro-death penalty.For example: I may be pro-death penalty because I believe some crimes and so heinous that they warrant death. I might believe an individual who commits those crimes has forfeited their right to life.I may also be anti-euthanasia because I believe assisting an innocent person in suicide is wrong (even through indirect assistance, such as providing drugs). I may believe innocent life is sacred and should be preserved at all costs.You mentioned 'what if a person commits a death penalty offense as a loophole.' That would be irrelevant to me in this example - whatever the reasons for them committing the crime, they are guilty and should be punished accordingly.  	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I understand that euthanasia and the death penalty are two separate issues, but I also know that they are closely related to each other as they are both about ending human life.Typically, in a society that justifies the death penalty, they are literally saying, "Hey, we can totally attempt rehabilitation to bring you back as a productive member of society. But we think what you did was so horrible, we want to kill you for it." This is a form of retribution. It is deliberately choosing retribution over rehabilitation even though rehabilitation can be attempted. I'm saying that if a society does not mind killing a person through legal processes justified by retribution for committing a crime, this same society should then allow a person to kill themselves because it is clear that even though this society has the ability to help the person, they are unwilling to help them (rehabilitation) and would rather just kill him (retribution). A society that justifies retribution via death penalty shouldn't have a problem with same logic applied to biologically healthy citizens if they are unwilling to provide satisfactory social structures to help people who for various reasons don't want to live anymore.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
The connection between the two issues can still be broken and be logically sound. It could be that someone values retribution/justice over the sanctity of life, but still has high regard for the sanctity of life and only justifies ending life when absolutely necessary (And absolutely necessary for them would include retribution, or for what they deem un-rehabiliatable criminals).Again I'm not arguing the pros or cons of any position, I'm saying that holding opposing positions on these issues together is not necessarily inconsistent. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Even the state makes mistakes.  Having a flawed process doesn't imply the state hasn't been trying to adhere to high standards.  And making mistakes doesn't mean the state thinks that making those mistakes is ok.  This is why we improve the process:  so that we can better follow those lofty values we've set for ourselves.And you're totally ignoring the specific criteria under which killing someone for a crime is legal.  Those certain circumstances are why we look at killing a criminal and killing a beleaguered citizen as different propositions.  An action is not necessarily justified for other reasons just because it's justified for a few.A person who attempts suicide is rarely punished and often put through rehabilitation and counseling.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Woahwoahwoah. Where are you that they put suicidal people in prison? I'm not aware of any government (at least within the western world) where people can be incarcerated for a failed suicide attempt.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  Okay fine. Then theoretically, if a person wanted to kill themselves enough that he is willing to commit a horrible crime to receive the death penalty, what then assuming no one knows that that person is willing to?Are you really suggesting that there exist, even it theory, mentally stable people who would be willing to commit multiple murders, in a decade long ploy to receive the death penalty that would also be unwilling to kill themselves in a conventional fashion.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
It's interesting how the replies to your comment seem to have dichotomized into the two arguments you specified.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  or just saves money compared to life in prison.[Erm, what?](http://www.forbes.com/sites/kellyphillipserb/2011/09/22/death-and-taxes-the-real-cost-of-the-death-penalty/)	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
If you check out the rest of the thread, the "Execution is cheaper -  Not in the US -  we're not just talking about the US" exchange has already happened a few times. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Death penalty is in fact a good bunch more expensive than a lifetime in jail because of the judicial process that has to be made before someone ever gets sentenced to death.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
This point has been discussed half a dozen times in this thread, and is only relevant to the US justice system. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
There is [no evidence](http://www.amnestyusa.org/our-work/issues/death-penalty/us-death-penalty-facts/the-death-penalty-and-deterrence) that the death penalty acts as a deterrent to crime. It actually has to do more with ideological beliefs, like how owning firearms [deters crime](http://www.theguardian.com/science/blog/2013/mar/25/guns-protection-national-rifle-association) (hint: It increases the likelihood of the owner getting shot), or [how men think they know](http://www.gallup.com/poll/170249/split-abortion-pro-choice-pro-life.aspx) what's [best for a woman's body](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/subjects/abortion/5897).	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
It would be foolish to have the death penalty to save money since it's way more expensive than keeping someone in prison for life. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
In the US yes, not China AFAIK	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
[deleted]	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
The court costs for death row inmates is super high. Idk specifics. google it. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
 Just on Reddit alone there are many people wishing they could just end it. They have not committed any crimes but they don't really enjoy living, so why not allow them to end it if they so desire?These are cries for help, not true desires to end it. Killing yourself is one of the easiest things to do, if that is really what you want to do. Also you are very expressive about "biologically healthy", what about their mental health? Wouldn't they need to be mentally healthy to make that decision? We don't allow mentally ill to be put to death in our legal system, so this would fall inline with your theory. Depression is a mental health issue, therefore it would preclude those people from being "allowed" to die by their own hands. Most people that recover from depression will tell you that they are glad they didn't do something foolish (suicide) because the world can be better once they get the help they need. People that are mentally healthy rarely, if ever, truly want to commit suicide. Our natural instincts push us in the other direction, survival. So, unless you are advocating euthanasia for the mentally ill, your original question has no merit, or at least no takers.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  Killing yourself is one of the easiest things to do, if that is really what you want to do. I don't think that's really the case. Many methods are dangerous and potentially extremely painful in the process. If you fail or mess up, you could end up crippled, in chronic pain with no way to escape an even worse life than you had before. In addition, there can be unintended consequences from suicide: jumping in front of a car could kill the passengers, killing yourself can send friends and family into their own spirals of depression, and sometimes there are even legal consequences. If it was as simple as "take this prescription pill to end it all," then yes, that would be easy. That's illegal, though. Instead, you have to have the balls to put a gun into your mouth and pull the trigger, slit your wrists, hang yourself, down a mishmash of dangerous medicine and hope it's enough, etc.I'm not advocating for suicide here, just trying to point out that it's not "easy."	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I think whether people truly want to kill themselves is not of particular importance when it comes to the legality of euthanasia. It is pertinent when administering it. This does not mean that people who want to commit suicide can walk into a store and have someone euthanise them. /r/suicidewatch will do their work just as before. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Speaking from a strictly legal standpoint, suicide is murder in the first degree, which is illegal in every state. The death penalty is the only exception, which requires that a jury of 12 people deliberate on the facts to decide if the crime is heinous enough, and the person so far beyond rehabilitation, to deserve the death penalty. How would you suppose to put this level of scrutiny on suicide? You must determine first if the person is even mentally capable of being put to the test, a determination which they will almost certainly always fail.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I mean - is the discussion about legality pertinent when we are discussing whether the law is to be amended?How would you decide if someone is mentally competent and capable of determining if they want to die? I assume an ethics board would oversee the determination of this, and in places where euthanasia is legal there exist exactly the safeguards you speak of. Yes you are correct that it is a hard determination to make, but that doesn't mean it is something that it is an opportunity that ought to be denied. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Again, I believe the concept is clear. Euthanasia is the taking of a life, not in self defense or the defense of others. It is therefore murder. The death penalty is considered to be in defense of others based on the convicted's past record and the overwhelming evidence that they cannot be rehabilitated, and will therefore offend again if ever they should be free to do so. (I don't believe being convicted of treason should carry this punishment)Should laws be amended to allow one type of murder? I don't believe so. If they were, should they require the same scrutiny as the death penalty? I do believe so. So if euthanasia were legal under the existing framework, a person would have to prove mental fitness to make that decision, then stand before a jury of 12 of their peers an show that there was no other option, as their life could never get better. Can you imagine what a waste of time that would be, as no one could pass the mental health test, and even if they did they couldn't convince 12 people that nothing could ever make their life worth living.  Yes you are correct that it is a hard determination to make, but that doesn't mean it is something that it is an opportunity that ought to be denied. Yes. Sometimes common sense should win out over pure logic when it comes to making laws. To make a law where the bar is so high that no one will ever pass it is a waste of time and the tax payers money.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
By your definition no one in confinement should ever be executed if they can just indefinitely be contained. How is killing them defending anyone?However I think most people would not equate euthanasia with murder just because the law may do so. The death penalty and euthanasia are sufficiently different that they can be treated differently. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  By your definition no one in confinement should ever be executed if they can just indefinitely be contained. But they can't always be indefinitely contained. How is killing them defending anyone?It is defending future victims. If it has been determined that they will re-offended, then it is the only way of guaranteeing that they can't get free to commit another crime. However I think most people would not equate euthanasia with murder just because the law may do so. But that is what we are discussing here, the law. The death penalty and euthanasia are sufficiently different that they can be treated differently.True, and they are. Death penalty is a last resort for repeat offenders that it has been determined there is no hope of rehabilitating. Euthanasia is murder.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I think you are convinced that Euthanasia is murder, and most people would disagree. Euthanasia includes an element of consent which is notably absent in murder.  But they can't always be indefinitely contained. It is defending future victims. If it has been determined that they will re-offended, then it is the only way of guaranteeing that they can't get free to commit another crime.We don't live in a comic book universe that people break out of prison every day. We can and do indefinitely contain people. We call it life imprisonment. Furthermore it seems like you are suggesting that we eschew trying to contain prisoners and execute them instead, which seems like a pretty scary idea to me. People aren't sentenced to death because their captors are afraid they can't be held. Even if we are discussing the law, it is not pertinent to discuss what it is when discussing how it *ought* to be.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  These are cries for help, not true desires to end it. Killing yourself is one of the easiest things to do, if that is really what you want to do.Sure that's debatable but it's also a strawman over the actual debate.  Also you are very expressive about "biologically healthy", what about their mental health? This is to put it in context: because a lot of places which already legalizes euthanasia only allow euthanasia for those with crippling health problems and I think that euthanasia should be legalized for any adult person who so chooses who is a citizen of a place that legalizes the death penalty; with stringent rules and requirements, of course.  People that are mentally healthy rarely, if ever, truly want to commit suicide.I don't think anyone truly wants to commit suicide. People want to commit suicide because of situations in their life that they hate. A person with crippling health problems would probably not want to commit suicide if he didn't have crippling health problems. Same goes for depressive people: depressive people wouldn't want to commit suicide if they didn't have depression. But then again, they do have these issues and they feel like society hasn't been able to adequately help them nor are they able to get adequate help. If they feel that way in a society that already allows the death penalty, what is wrong with that? That society has deemed killing another "biologically" healthy human being as acceptable so long as that individual has broken a serious enough crime, regardless of whether that individual has learnt from his mistakes or regrets it or has family members he needs to look after. So in context, it's justifiable.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  with stringent rules and requirements, of course.Would one of those rules be that the person is mentally capable of making that decision? If so you have ended your own argument.  I don't think anyone truly wants to commit suicide.So if no one wants to commit suicide, only those that aren't mentally sound would opt to do so, and if being mentally healthy is one of the requirements, then no one would ever qualify for this euthanasia allowance. Again, anyone that really wants to commit suicide can, the laws only kick in after the fact, which is too late to be of any use. The one thing they can't do is have someone assist them, but that is an entirely different debate.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  So if no one wants to commit suicide, People are driven to commit suicide by different things: money issues, health problems (both mental and physical), family issues, etc. The state has three choices when dealing with people who attempts to suicide: they can attempt to rehabilitate the person, punish the person, or they can do nothing. In states/countries that allow the death penalty, they mostly decide to punish the person by sending the person to jail or to an expensive private mental health facility that saddles them with crippling debt. Either way, they are not helping the person. If a place decides death is a suitable punishment for someone who has committed a horrible enough crime, they should allow people who have not broken the law to have the option if they so desire if the state is unwilling to provide suitable rehabilitation in the first place? I do not consider confinement in prison as rehabilitation.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  People are driven to commit suicide by different things: money issues, health problems (both mental and physical), family issues, etc. One of those issues goes against your original question, health issues, so we must disregard that entirely. Other issues mentioned all are leading causes of depression, which is a mental issue, so again I ask, are you advocating euthanasia for the mentally handicapped? In states/countries that allow the death penalty, they mostly decide to punish the person by sending the person to jail or to an expensive private mental health facility that saddles them with crippling debt. I can only speak for my own country, but I've never heard of anyone sent to jail for attempted suicide, even though it is illegal, because in every case a mental health related issue has been found to be to blame. And if they are found to be a danger to themselves, due to mental health issues, they are placed in a hospital at the states expense, not theirs, until the situation can be corrected.  Either way, they are not helping the person.Assuming you were correct, death isn't helping them either, so this is a non-starter.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  are you advocating euthanasia for the mentally handicapped?I can't speak on OP's behalf, but the answer to this should emphatically be *yes*. The mentally ill, just like everyone else, should have the option to kill themselves, if they choose. And doctors should be permitted to assist in the suicide to make it as painless and dignified as possible. Just because someone is mentally ill, doesn't mean they lack rationality or the ability to make informed decisions. Severe depression for example isn't an absence of rationality, it's living in a perpetual state of torture. Someone who has been severely depressed for decades on end, who has tried every available treatment (or ran out of money), and who is still perpetually miserable would be completely rational in wanting to die to escape the pain. What right does the state have to intervene, forcing them to suffer against their wishes?The OP is essentially correct in pointing out the absurdity of a state whose justice system is the only authority permitted to kill any of its citizens.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  And doctors should be permitted to assist in the suicide to make it as painless and dignified as possible.As I said above, assisted suicide is a totally different debate. Just because someone is mentally ill, doesn't mean they lack rationality or the ability to make informed decisions.Umm, Yes, actually that is exactly what it means. Severe depression for example isn't an absence of rationality,After living with someone for 25 years that is severely depressed and bi-polar I can honestly say that yes, while in a state of depression you are incapable of making rational decisions. You are one that believes that the state determines who will live or die under the death penalty. This is an incorrect assumption, it is a jury of 12 men and women, gathered from the community, that listen to the facts, consider the offenders history, and make the determination. The state only sets forth guidelines to limit the action of the jury to consider this only in the most extreme cases.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  After living with someone for 25 years that is severely depressed...Quoting anecdotal evidence is a waste of everyone's time. Obviously, some depressed people aren't rational, but some are...just like the rest of the population. That has nothing to do with the illness itself. I could list off dozens of examples of severely depressed individuals who can think very clearly (Stephen Fry, Thom Yorke, Aaron Schwartz, Sia, Christopher Hitchens, etc, etc) but it would prove nothing.  Umm, Yes, actually that is exactly what it means.So, basically, you disagree with the [DSM's definition of depression](http://www.psnpaloalto.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/Depression-Diagnostic-Criteria-and-Severity-Rating.pdf) then? Nothing on that list of criteria says "is incapable of thinking rationally."    it is a jury of 12 men and women, gathered from the community...So what's your point? It's up to the state to determine whether or not the jury is allowed to choose death as a punishment, but that doesn't affect my previous point one way or the other. Again, what right does the state and/or the jury have to intervene if someone decides rationally, that they want to die? It's a decision that people can make rationally, and its a decision that they do make rationally all the time. People who enjoy nothing and are constantly miserable are rational in wanting to die.  	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  so again I ask, are you advocating euthanasia for the mentally handicapped?Provided the society isn't willing to, on a societal level recognize and help rehabilitate the problem, and this same society legalizes the death penalty, and the person is a legalized adult (according to society), yes. Because to just allow the person to endlessly suffer until death even though the person has consented and not wanting to live is wrong when you consider that the society which institutes the death penalty is already willing to take the retribution stance on criminals. If the retribution stance is justified for criminals and there is no rehabilitation structure in society that can be reasonably accessed, then yes.  You can [search Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suicide_legislation) and see that there are countries that will imprison you if you attempt suicide. Also, even for countries that have decriminalized suicide, you are forced to get help, usually through privatized mental health facilities that cause you to go into crippling debt and ruin your life as a normal citizen anyway.   Assuming you were correct, death isn't helping them either, soYou are making it easier for them to end it. Remember, the context is, the society in question allows retribution (death penalty) for criminals meaning this particular society already allows revenge killing ("you killed someone, so therefore, you must die") when rehabilitation is an option. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  Provided the society isn't willing to, on a societal level recognize and help rehabilitate the problem, and this same society legalizes the death penalty, and the person is a legalized adult (according to society),Ah, now come out the endless list of caviots. Typical of someone that has backed into a corner but doesn't want to admit their original premise was flawed. retribution stance is justified for criminalsIt is not a retributive stance, it is a stand of defense of others. Only when a person is deemed beyond rehabilitation can the death penalty be brought in. This means that the jury must be convinced that if this person is ever freed that they will kill again. The last two paragraphs have already been covered, I can only speak for my country as I don't know the laws in other countries. And you are again adding more stipulations to the debate in order to change the course. In the USA if you are found mentally deficient the state pays for your treatment unless you choose to use private healthcare and provide some means of payment.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
most people kill themselves because they can't stand living in and being part of an unhealthy global culture where hundreds of millions of people are being beaten, murdered, robbed, raped, and tortured every day. it's not a mental health problem, it's a *social* health problem. some people kill themselves because they are in unbearable, incurable physical pain. that's not a mental health problem, it's a physiological problem. some people kill themselves because they are old and close to death anyway and simply want peace of mind, and to say goodbye to all of their friends and family before they degenerate to babbling adult infants. that's not a mental health problem, it's a geriatric problem.most people i know who have confided in me (and my own feelings on the subject as well in my darkest moments) that they have thought about or want to kill themselves *not* because they're crazy but because they're sick to death of all the violence, pain, and misery they're exposed to any day. and this is in canada, one of the best countries in the world.the people we really need to worry about aren't the ones who - of their own volition, as sole owners of their bodies - want to end their lives peacefully and without pain. we need to worry about people who are both suicidal and so angry at the world because of the violence, despair, and oppression they have experienced that they desire revenge or retribution.The only argument that can be made, really, is that we should prevent otherwise healthy people from killing themselves because we are all actively making an effort to create a better global society and culture, and that if they just hold on a few more years it's going to get better. because, historically, it really is getting better. global society, i mean. (or at least that's what i tell myself to get me through).	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Death is something you can't come back from. There is no room for regret when it comes to death. Yet a lot of people who have had suicide attempts and almost die, are glad they're alive when we resuscitate them at hospital.      especially considering society doesn't actually care enough about the well being of these people who want to kill themselves: the homeless, people who are depressed, those in poverty and those who just don't find any meaning in their lives, etc.Really? You think homeless people want to die? You think depressed people are the right mind to determine if they want to do something that permanent? You think poor people, strive to find work and to eat everyday because they want to die??? Too many people in today's society, go through periods of depression, where they might want to die. If suicide was as easy as 'Oh I will sign a form' then many people would be dead, even if they would have had a perfectly happy fore filling life if they hadn't. But they can't go back on death. They can't regret their decisions and choose all over again. If you made it that easy they would simply just die. It's equivalent to saying 'Oh I broke my leg, well better just die'. The current cost to raise a kid properly to the age of 18 is about a million bucks. Literally a million dollars. Can you imagine just signing a form and deleting a million dollars? 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
What you're arguing for, though, is that we shouldn't have control over the most basic aspect of our own lives: whether we're alive or not and want to continue to experience life. If someone is chronically ill, causing their family personal and emotional expenses, and doesn't feel like dying a slow death or ending up half-brain dead and locked up in an old folks home, is it really that offensive that they want to exit life on their own terms? 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
[deleted]	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  It's not like you can arrest someone for dying.You *can* arrest someone for helping another person die (killing them, in other words), even if it's what that person wishes. The last thing a chronically ill person is likely to want is for their attempt to end the suffering of their loved ones only cause more suffering. The legality of assisted suicide most certainly matters.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
In addition to what the other commenter said - you can also impose strict legal and financial consequences for their family as a strong deterrent. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  The current cost to raise a kid properly to the age of 18 is about a million bucks. Literally a million dollars. Can you imagine just signing a form and deleting a million dollars? That's a very terrible way of looking at things. So you should be forced to stay alive only because of the financial implications. You have to carry a debt that you never agreed to sign? People are easily replaceable on an economic and financial standpoint. Look at the unemployment rates, for every job opening there are hundreds of fully qualified people who can take that job. And that's just unemployed, take all people and there are millions of people who can take that job. Not to mention in 20 years or so, most of the jobs today will be automated.People fall through the cracks all the time. Some die as babies, other die as children from cancer, young adults are murdered and die in car accidents. It's the fact of life. Money is wasted all the time. 1 million dollars is nothing compared to an economy of 17 trillion. Many people default over their debt, declare bankruptcy and sometimes companies end up losing money. But on the whole, one debt or loan means nothing to a multinational bank who controls millions of loans which most of them will be paid back. The same way 1 person does not matter in a nation of 320 million. If the nation loses one person, oh well, it happens all the time. The same way a bank is not going to go belly-up if one person defaults on their mortgage. And what about the person being executed? Don't your arguments not apply to them? Do you think prisoners want to die?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I'm not talking about societies that have banned the death penalty. It makes sense that euthanasia is banned from a society that does not allow the death penalty.I'm talking about societies that have the death penalty but bans euthanasia.  If suicide was as easy as 'Oh I will sign a form'That's not even how euthanasia for people in crippling physical pain works in today's world. There are many stringent laws, fees and procedures that the person would still have to go through.So the laws could be even more stringent for a biologically healthy individuals to legally be allowed to do euthanasia. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Right and who would pay for those stringent laws, fees and procedures? Do you really think a homeless person/depressed/poor people can afford that? Do you think any country is going to happily go, oh yeah we're gonna fork out $40k to euthanize this person that society as a whole paid a million dollars to raise? America has the death penalty because these people have done such bad deeds that they are deemed no longer fit to remain in society and deemed to be a danger to society. Of course society would want to pay to have them removed. But why would society want to pay to allow someone they've invested a million dollars into... but just who had a mental illness that caused a chemical imbalance in their brain to just abort themselves? While at the same time, paying even more for the laws, fees and procedures that the person would have to go through? 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
So the real defense you are arguing here has nothing to do with mental capabilities, its entirely to do with financial reasons. Arguably, if society invested this money in people, they invested poorly and fucked up and now that person isn't capable of returning society's investment. So instead of just admitting society fucked up, society just wants to hold them hostage and attempt to force them to make the money back that was invested in them.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Legalized euthanasia is already pretty stringent, and I don't think any government pays for it. The government just sets the rules: whether it is legal or illegal and what requirements must be followed.   Of course society would want to pay to have them removed.That's kind of twisted - that society is willing to pay to have horrible people removed but not willing to help certain troubled people that needs help - that is of course, assuming euthanasia is government funded, which it probably won't be in the first place.   Do you really think a homeless person/depressed/poor people can afford that?If people can't afford it, then they simple don't have that option to die legally. But people will still do it if they want to badly enough.  why would society want to pay to allow someone they've invested a million dollars into... but just who had a mental illness that caused a chemical imbalance in their brain to just abort themselves? While at the same time, paying even more for the laws, fees and procedures that the person would have to go through?Well, I could also ask why places that legalize the death penalty want to spend all that money killing a person (the death penalty is expensive) when they could otherwise spend that money rehabilitating the person to become a productive member of society. But that would be off on a tangent. I am not talking about the state/country administrating the actual process of euthanasia for citizens. I'm talking about the state/country legalizing it so that people who have not committed crimes have the options to do so if they so want.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
 Well, I could also ask why places that legalize the death penalty want to spend all that money killing a person (the death penalty is expensive)  when they could otherwise spend that money rehabilitating the person to become a productive member of society.But the death penalty is only an option for people that have shown that they can't be rehabilitated anymore.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  Death is something you can't come back from. There is no room for regret when it comes to death. Yet a lot of people who have had suicide attempts and almost die, are glad they're alive when we resuscitate them at hospital.All this means is that dying is scary, and its scary enough for most people that the fear of dying becomes greater than the pain they experience in life. It also doesn't change the fact that suicide can be a good option depending on your priorities.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
People who are truly set on killing themselves, will inevitably find a way to do it with or without a law surrounding it. There is literally nothing that can be done to them once they are dead.  I am not sure how an euthanasia law would help anyone other than someone who has an illness that they will never recover from. Enacting a legal euthanasia law (in the US anyways) would require a lot of red tape, then getting insurance companies on board to pay for the initial procedure, putting laws into place regarding legal methods of euthanasia, setting up a whole new board of rules for people performing the euthanasia , then you have the religious that will argue that it is immoral etc. It is basically a lot of work for the government to give it's tax payers (the people who give them money) a ticket out of life. I know that sounds incredibly morbid and uncaring, but I am fairly certain that is how big government would see it. You are dead, so you can't be a "productive" member of society anymore, why should they help people out of it? Even those that have a life threatening illness are paying money to hospitals, which generate revenue, which they pay taxes on to the Government. Even the most depressed people usually still have a job and create revenue for them.Most of the time (not always) people who post on message boards about ending their lives are usually crying out for help. I know that is why I sought them out when I was going through a very rough time in my life. I felt like suicide was my only option, but I didn't want it to be, despite how I was feeling then. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I think the two big reasons in favor (they may not be enough but you do not address them) and a third item. People who are truly set on killing themselves, will inevitably find a wayNot true, many of these people are bedridden and VERY ill. Often their meds are administered by a professional or a relative. And some of them may not even get meds that could kill them.1) Relatives are normally involved, or at least often enough that prosecutions are a risk, remember these people are very very sick.2) Human bodies are surprisingly resilient and if you just look at the US and the issues it is having enacting capital punishment as EU firms are refusing to make very specific drugs (that would not be available to sick people) They have had horrific executions, and this is a state institution designed to execute people, this is this year not historical. Can you really believe that legalizing this would not reduce suffering? It is basically a lot of work for the government to give it's tax payers (the people who give them money)Lastly the cost issue is really weird? Why would you think it was more expensive to allow people to OD on morphine than live another five years with cancer? The taxpayer part... you do realize they paid their taxes (most at least whatever) so they paid for that care to start with. Why the hell should they die in pain so you can be treated on the tax dollars they paid?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Oh with the illness part, I totally agree on that which is why I only tackled the depression portion and people that can actually still get help, like veterans, depression, etc.  My mother has ALS and I have Cancer, so I didn't tackle those specifically because honestly, if it came down to it, i would rather be euthanized than be chronically ill for 5 years and in misery. Sorry, I should have clarified in my original post about that. As for the taxpayers part, I think I worded that poorly as well. It wouldn't be more expensive for the governement to allow people to euthanize themselves. But it would cause them to lose revenue because now that person is no longer contributing to society (I am not 100% sure that this would happen, but after watching the way the government works, I wouldn't be surprised) It's just a hypothetical scenario, no need to get upset about it. I'm not sure where you live, but in the US the taxpayers dollar doesn't go towards any health care. We have to pay out of pocket, so our taxes doesn't help us in any way when we do become sick. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I think in CMV you should give personal disclosure, which I did not see.Sorry to hear about your mother and yourself, I hope the outcome is as good as possible given the situation.OK So I live in a socialist hell hole so as you can imagine I take great doctors and free healthcare for granted. I am however very familiar with the US system and what you describe is not accurate. Emergency procedures and other such things required to prevent death are tax payer funded and the new laws (although they will obviously save money like they have in every country with nationalized healthcare) will also cost (but actually save under new plans) money, it is not a pay or die system even in the US, it is just a pay when it is REALLY expensive and not a good time to treat people system.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  People who are truly set on killing themselves, will inevitably find a way to do it with or without a law surrounding it. True. But some people aren't "truly set on killing themselves." They feel like they are just in limbo and find major difficulties in their life that they are unable to overcome or they feel that society hasn't/can't help them adequately enough.    I am not sure how an euthanasia law would help anyone other thanJust to note, I'm not talking about absolute legalization everywhere of euthanasia. I'm only talking about euthanasia in places that already allow the death penalty.   It is basically a lot of work for the government to give it's tax payers (the people who give them money) a ticket out of life. I'm not talking about the government being the one actually paying for it, I'm just talking about the government of those places which have legalized the death penalty, to legalize euthanasia for biologically healthy citizens. The government of countries that have already legalized certain types of euthanasia with specific conditions, doesn't pay for the euthanasia itself. They just allow it by law with specific conditions, and what I'm saying is that these governments with legalized death penalty laws should legalize euthanasia. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Oh I didn't think you were implying that the government would pay for it. But I can see them using that as an excuse not to allow it. Inmates who have committed crimes that warrant the death penalty are already eating up resources that could be put to better use, just sitting in the prison systems. Whereas people who simply want to end their life (chronic illness, or no) can still financially contribute to society. Sorry if I explained that poorly. To question the "Truly set on killing themselves" how would one decide if someone was truly set on killing themselves vs, just over life? I think that there is a very fine line between people who can actually be helped and people who can't. Which is why I stated that anyone who really feels the need to die will do it regardless of if there is laws put into place to help them end their lives. People with Chronic illnesses that have a set amount of time to die though, I do agree on legal euthanasia for those instances. My mother has ALS, she has come to the decision that she will NOT be put on a respirator, she will not be tube fed, and she wants to die with some dignity, and if I was able to put her out of her misery without legal backlash if she asked me to do it, I would find a doctor that would. Of course, I could always fly her to Sweden where it is actually legal. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  People who are truly set on killing themselves, will inevitably find a way to do it with or without a law surrounding it. There is literally nothing that can be done to them once they are dead. I am not sure how an euthanasia law would help anyone other than someone who has an illness that they will never recover from. Most methods are difficult, messy and more often than not fail. And if someone fails at suicide, hell, even if they threaten it, the police are called and they are arrested (and that's in a good scenario, we all know how cops love to wave their guns around).	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
First of all, I think your first paragraph is silly. If someone plays the devil's advocate is the point they bring up necessarily not serious? I don't think so. In fact, this is a great way to develop your thoughts and come to a better understanding of the issue you're examining.Anyone who actually wants to end their life won't let the law hold them back. To imply that someone won't commit suicide because of the consequences of the law doesn't make sense to me: if I'm dead the law has no effect on me.To be fair, one could argue that the law does hold them back because there are no suicide assistance clinics and the culture of our society is generally opposed to it, but you didn't address this in your post.Finally, as much as this is an argument in favor of euthanasia/suicide, it's also an argument against the death penalty. Suicide is illegal because many people think that it is wrong to kill one's self. Most of us all agree it's wrong to kill another person, although some people make distinctions based on the situation (e.g., in war, if you're being attacked, or if someone has committed a "bad enough" crime). Therefore, murder is illegal in most cases. Why don't we make capital punishment illegal, too? Basically, you say suicide should be legal because capital punishment is legal. From the same logic it follows that capital punishment should be illegal because suicide is illegal.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Fair enough. I just meant it was preferable that people give their own opinions. If people want to give devil's advocates, that's also fine with me, and I already responded to one devil's advocate.   Anyone who actually wants to end their life won't let the law hold them back...  but you didn't address this in your post.That's because euthanasia isn't necessarily for people who are hard-pressed on killing themselves. It can also be for people who are just simply existing and don't enjoy the life that they are given. Which I admit, might not be a good reason for legalizing euthanasia in itself; but when the context of a society that legalizes the death penalty is added into the mix, it starts making sense.  Basically, you say suicide should be legal because capital punishment is legal. From the same logic it follows that capital punishment should be illegal because suicide is illegal.This almost made me CMV. Until I realized that capital punishment is already outlawed in many countries/states. The states that still support the death penalty well into the 21st century are ones that really stand behind the retribution notion and are not going to change as a society on this particular issue.I too, think it's preferable that capital punishment is removed from modern civilization altogether but I don't see these societies changing any time soon. I do however see legalizing euthanasia in societies that legalize the death penalty as a step towards progress in these societies once they realize that people who appear "normal" in that society are suddenly wanting to kill themselves. Then I'd say it would eventually become more lacks and capital punishment is banned altogether; thus banning euthanasia way into the future. But for now, I think euthanasia is a good stepping stone.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I think capital punishment is on its way out. Most developed countries have outlawed it. The death penalty used to be common practice everywhere. We are witnessing it's phasing out. I would not expect such a shift to happen in a single generation, but that does not mean that it's not occurring.While I agree that, from a logical point of view, euthanasia should be legal if capital punishment is legal (i.e., if the government can kill me, then I can kill myself), I don't think I can condone this:  It can also be for people who are just simply existing and don't enjoy the life that they are given.Regardless, I would agree with your view as defined in the OP if it said "Any entity which legalizes the death penalty may legalize euthanasia." But to say that it *should* implies an obligation to take action, and I don't agree with this. To say anything more we would first need to define some terms; I think specificity is necessary to go deeper here.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Well the US and Japan are the only developed countries that have the death penalty. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Like I said, "capital punishment is on it's way out. Most developed countries have outlawed it." Thanks for specifying which countries haven't.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I don't see it ever being outlawed in the US or Japan. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Ever? Why not?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Because American politicians have a hard-on for "tough on crime". Largest prison population and a heavy Conservative base that loves the death penalty. In Japan, they don't like change and still hold onto their old values.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I agree with OP for one big reason. If the death penalty is legal but assisted suicide is not, then if somebody wants a to have an assisted suicide they either need to go black market or they need to commit a horrible crime. Lets just skip the horrible crime step.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  if countries and states don't give a damn that they are killing human beings - even if the human being commits a "horrible" crime, what is wrong with (biologically) healthy individuals killing themselves if they so choose?These two issues are not logically linked. To your point, I agree with your position on both. But the two are separable issues. The death penalty is a reaction to a decision on the part of the criminal. It is the breaking of the social contract. We essentially say "Life is sacred. That's why when you take someone else's, you forfeit your right to your own." The death penalty, while still barbaric to some, is reserved for only the worst crimes. There hasn't been a non-murder related capital punishment in the US since...I can't even think of one. To say that the punishment is the result of the state "not giving a damn that they are killing human beings", is a stretch at the least.What about other nation's armies? They kill people all the time and then somehow they are "too good" for capital punishment. Is the UK and France dropping bombs on ISIS because they "don't give a damn that they are killing human beings"? Of course not. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Would this be an accurate representation of your argument?1. States which allow the death penalty do not care about the value of life.2. States which do not help suicidal humans properly do not care about the value of life.3. If a state doesn't care about the value of life, it should permit Euthanasia.4. States which allow the death penalty should legalize euthanasia. 1+35. States which do not properly help suicidal humans should legalize euthanasia. 2+3	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Well, I don't know if you're parodying the view point, but other than it being slightly skewed to make fun of the view point, sort of. It's more:1) Countries/states/etc. which allow the death penalty justify the retribution stance (death penalty) for criminals even though they have the ability to pick the option of rehabilitation.2) If said country/state is willing to justify the killing of another human being regardless of whether he is healthy, anything else he's done that could be done, whether he has relatives that rely upon him, etc, then it is only logically consistent if the state allows euthanasia, as they already agree on a societal level that killing another biologically healthy human beings, possibly against their will is justified.3) Therefore, all consenting adults, biologically healthy or not that meet certain stringent requirements should be allowed to end their lives legally because said society prefers to either do nothing to help suffering individual or would rather  impose retribution methods than actually trying to rehabilitate the person to become a productive member of society.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  Well, I don't know if you're parodying the view point, but other than it being slightly skewed to make fun of the view point, sort of.I'm not doing anything of the sort, I'm instead trying to make perfectly clear the premises and conclusion of your argument.So, your view could be summed up as: If a state ever considers killing healthy non-consenting adults to be justified, it should consider euthanasia of healthy consenting adults acceptable.This raises the issue, what about defensive warfare for example? Defensive warfare is also killing healthy adults who are not consenting to be killed. If a country is willing to defend itself in war, is that inconsistent with banning euthanasia?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
No. Personally, I think the fact that society believes killing people is more beneficial than rehabilitation is sick (as in terrible). Especially when the society has the resources available to attempt to rehabilitate the person first.However I guess I can accept:  If a state[/country] **that has legalized the death penalty and is not ever planning on removing it from its law** considers killing healthy non-consenting adults to be justified, it should consider euthanasia of healthy consenting adults acceptable.That would be my view point.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
What is it that makes the death penalty different from the other ways in which the state kills adults?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Could you explain what you mean by that? What other ways does the state kill its citizens? Are you referring to  structural violence? Well the state in its current state (excuse the pun) doesn't actually punish structural violence, only direct acts of violence.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
For example, we generally think it's acceptable for the state to kill people for a variety of reasons including the use of the police and military. Why is it acceptable for a state to give the police and military lethal weapons, but not to use the death penalty?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
States that kills people as punishment deem this people undesirable to the point of killing them, it has little to do with health or other concern. On the other hand killing oneself or assisting is not killing someone which is undesirable at a sufficient degree.More to the point, someone which support the capital punishment is more likely to believe (on a subconscious level) in the [just world hypothesis](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Just-world_hypothesis) which validate capital punishment and not rehabilitation. Euthanasia is on the other hand still the act of killing somebody which is in pain. In the just world hypothesis view of the world, if you're in pain you are somehow responsible so why help someone responsible for his suffering?tl;dr: Just world hypothesis is a fitting explanation for the discrepancy between euthanasia and capital punishment law.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
That's not necessarily true. In Malaysia where I live, and Singapore, drug trafficking is punishable by death and it's actually enforced. It's not justified  as X person is so reprehensible he deserves to die, but as a deterrent for further crime.But yes, you're probably right. They think "the only reason why that person did that crime was because "he is just innately horrible" which most likely isn't true because like you describe with an explanation of the just world fallacy, people sometimes do things for multi-faceted reasons that are just not that clear cut.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
If trading in drug is a crime then it must be punished and all punishment is a deterrent for further crime. So yeah in this case the punishment is harsh but i dont see how this contradict my point.So did i change your view? ;)	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
See, this is why I didn't want devils advocates in the first place. Oh well.No, you didn't convince me of anything. A crime should be punished with just consequences. No one should suffer more to be made "an example of" when that person suffers permanent harsh conditions of well... death.It also doesn't deter crime if it doesn't resolve the reasons why the people committed the crime in the first place. If someone traffics drugs because he is desperate for money to feed his family, then why should he be killed because of it? And how is it fair for society to determine that trafficking drugs for money is equally as bad as killing another human being in cold blood?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  See, this is why I didn't want devils advocates in the first place. Oh well.Hmm it was just to see if you were convinced or not, your last post was quite ambiguous about that. No, you didn't convince me of anything. A crime should be punished with just consequences. No one should suffer more to be made "an example of" when that person suffers permanent harsh conditions of well... death.I do not follow you here, death is a consequence. And punishment in a judiciary system is about making an example (what you can expect to have if you behave in that way) not about rehabilitating the person in question.What you think should be is not what the people who made these laws think should be (just world hypothesis most likely).  It also doesn't deter crime if it doesn't resolve the reasons why the people committed the crime in the first place. If someone traffics drugs because he is desperate for money to feed his family, then why should he be killed because of it? And how is it fair for society to determine that trafficking drugs for money is equally as bad as killing another human being in cold blood?You're arguing with the point of view of someone not ingrained with the just world hypothesis. In this view if someone is poor, ill, resorting to thievery or drug dealing it's their fault and not society's fault hence they are bad person and should be killed if the behavior is deemed evil (drug in this case).The problem at hand is a logical loophole in your world view but not in the world view of someone with just world hypothesis as a base tenet. If you think illness and crime are what you get if you're not good why ban capital punishment (bad people ought to be punished) and why adopt euthanasia (good people cant need it and bad people sure deserve to die in pain or live with it).	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Just consequences means fair consequences. If someone commits a crime under the law, it should be punished with equal measure. The law shouldn't be draconian and unreasonably inhumane. That would be classified as "cruel and unusual punishments" and is banned practically worldwide. So if someone steals food and their hands are chopped off in the 21st century, that would indeed be considered "cruel and unusual punishment".You might be thinking (I'm guessing here) that well, the death penalty can be considered cruel and unusual punishment. And well, I think so too, but once again we're talking about societies that already allow death penalties.  In this view if someone... No I think you've got it backwards. I was giving an example of how those who justify the death penalty rationalize the legalization of the death penalty.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
While the two items you are putting forth in your argument may seem similar (death penalty vs assisted suicide) they are effectively different. Suicide is its own thing, the death penalty is a form of punishment. Your argument is akin to saying "countries that sanction locking people up in jail for committing crimes should make it legal for people to voluntarily enter the prison system whenever they want."	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
What does one have to do with the other? Capital punishment and Euthanasia are two completely separate issues, and conflating them is only going to make social progress in either of them more difficult. Any similarities these two issues share is purely superficial, as the deeper motivations behind them are completely different.In 10-20 years we may finally decide as a society that there is no point in executing criminals because it doesn't do society any good.  We may also decide that under certain circumstances euthanasia *does* do good.  We may arrive at these conclusions independently and decades apart. If the two issues are linked, it means that when society reverses its opinion of one, it must *necessarily* reverse its opinion of the other.I don't see how mashing the issues together into a sloppy "if this then that" argument benefits anyone.  	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
∆  Well said.I would also add that the common thread in both topics is the state's monopoly on violence. Suicide is considered by some to be a natural right. But you were depriving the right of the King to use you for his bidding or the Church to collect tithing ... hence our laws evolved from collectivist notions of you being of value to a larger entity.Aristotle felt it robs the community of the services of one of its members. That seems to be the origin of modern legislation.Source: Plato. Laws, Book IXDurkheim, Émile (1897). Suicide. New York: The Free Press (reprint, 1997), 327.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_suicide#Antiquity_and_Middle_Ages	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/yayaja67. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/yayaja67)]^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][[Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeltaBot/)]	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Not a devil's advocate. I disagree with the death penalty and support euthanasia, but I reject the equivalency.Euthanasia and the death penalty differ in that euthanasia is a wholly medical procedure. A great deal of the euthanasia controversy is rooted in the fact that it would have physicians ending the lives of patients, which most physicians argue is a breach of their role. The death penalty almost never involves a physician in administering the lethal agent, whereas euthanasia in places where it is legal, may require a physician.  	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  Euthanasia and the death penalty differ in that euthanasia is a wholly medical procedure.A medical procedure that 99% of the time ends in the patient's death, just like the death penalty.  The death penalty almost never involves a physician in administering the lethal agentDo you have a source for that?	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  A medical procedure that 99% of the time ends in the patient's death, just like the death penalty.The death penalty is not the practice of medicine. Only the administration of drugs per se during lethal injection may be considered as such. Hanging, electrocution, firing squad, and the gas chamber don't even involve a low-level medical professional. The state of Georgia passed a law stating that even the administering of the drugs was not the practice of medicine.States which require physicians to administer the drugs have a difficult time recruiting anyone willing to do it. http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/node/2264 Regardless of state requirements, in practice, almost all executions are performed by just four states: TX, VA, FL, and NC. Texas has a medical technician to do it. In VA, the warden does it personally. FL is apparently the only major state in which a physician participates, but they have to conceal their identity in order to prevent AMA sanctions. North Carolina flat-out forbids participation by physicians. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
While i agree that countries that have the death penalty should also legalize euthanasia,  they wont. They are similar things with very different arguments behind them, both largely political. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
There's a big difference between removing people who are very likely to be potentially harmful to others and allowing people who are depressed to kill themselves.Suicide is a completely irrational decision made by very, very desperate minds. I recall reading somewhere that almost every single person whose ever jumped off of a bridge and lived said that they IMMEDIATELY regretted the decision once they'd gone past the point of no return. They didn't really want to kill themselves, they just wanted their issues and those nagging emotional pains to go away.Depression is treatable, and allowing people who are mentally unstable to do that to themselves is cruel. These people need treatment for their issues. They do not need to kill themselves, and we should not present that as an option to people suffering with depression and suicidal thoughts.I'm not arguing that the death penalty is a great thing for helping to keep society safe, but I absolutely loathe it when people say we should just let the suicidally depressed kill themselves.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
The death penalty does not exist because the state does not believe that human lives are valuable. In fact, it only exists because the state believes that human lives are extremely valuable, and that the worst thing that it could do to someone is to take that away. You can see why they would think that robbing someone of this immensely valuable thing should only be a punishment for egregious crimes, right?For the record, I am anti death penalty and for the right to commit suicide. But my argument against yours is not that states which allow capital punishment *should* allow euthanasia, but that the motivations for either legalizing or illegalizing these two things are entirely unrelated and should not be eupquated.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
You are making the argument that the death penalty is equal to euthanasia. Death = death. Therefore it would be logical to say that both instances would get the same legal process. We would need a jury to assess euthanasia. It would be like the Obamacare alarmists' worst nightmare. Literal death panels.This strikes me as too distasteful to be accepted. Your argument doesn't fully stand. Death =/= death in this case. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Technically, any state with the death penalty *does* have euthanasia. If you want to die, just commit murder in the first degree. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I can't quite tell if this is sarcastic or serious, but it sure as hell doesn't add anything to the argument	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Well it is sort of an argument ad adsurdum. If you're willing to kill people against their will as a state, then you should at least kill people if they want to be killed as a state. It also raises a question of practicality: "If I want to die, the state will kill me, but only under one circumstance."	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Deaht penalities are considered the ultimate punishment by places that use it. Such a place wouldn't want to admit that some people may actually want it.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Euthanasia/Assisted Suicide while nice in theory for the terminally ill, would end up being abused by the suicidally depressed. I realize that a system could be created that would get help to those with mental illness seeking assisted suicide but the very fact that such abuse could happen renders the requisite legislation controversial and difficult to pass. There is also the religious factor, Suicide is a sin and is culturally taboo, therefore it would be difficult to pass due to conservative/religious opposition.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Also you make it sound like there is no help for the homeless, impoverished, and depressed, when in fact there is, for the depressed much more so than the homeless or impoverished at least.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
  ... I will assume that you yourself personally disagree with what I have to say.Yes I personally disagree with your position...Proponents of the death-penalty, and proponents of euthanasia, use different arguments to support their position, as do opponents.For instance: I do not support the death penalty for the reason that a justice system can and will make mistakes. And I support euthanasia, ONLY under very limited circumstances, such as an incurable disease, that causes suffering, when the person is **sane** while making the choice. Not just someone who doesn't like their life...At the same time, there is NOTHING hypocritical about someone who is an opponent of euthanasia for the reason that God created life, while supporting the death penalty because God said "Thou shall not kill."	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
a collective right to punish through death is fundamentally different from the individual right to escape/mitigate through death. the two rights are not linked at all (whether or not they deal with "death") as one deals with the right to death (individual right) and the other deals with the right to life (in the case where the death penalty is illegal) or, more importantly, the right to security (a collective right, where it is legal). a legal right to death is not necessarily needed as suicide is not criminalized and must be undertaken by the individual. if society removes barriers to suicide, it could be argued that it is not fulfilling its duty to guarantee the right to health (physical and mental), especially in the cases that you're mentioning. if we move the discussion to the terminally ill, you could reframe euthanasia as a form of healthcare. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
If killing people is bad, one can consistently oppose euthanasia while supporting the death penalty, simply on the basis that it is good to inflict bad things on bad people, but not on innocent people. I don't agree with that claim, but it's not inconsistent. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I believe in banning the death penalty and allowing euthanasia. Why? Because a free man in pain should have the right to be released, and a man in prison has a probability of being innocent.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Or even one step further. Allow those in prison the option too. Innocent or guilty, if I were in prison for more than 20 years, I'd prefer the Painless Pill.I even think we should give them a delux last meal for taking the option. But absolutely no pressure. Instead, we stop prisoners from suicide at great expense to taxpayers, victim's families, and the inmate. I'm up in NH. Man killed his wife and baby and tried to kill himself. He was a monster. (Grand)Mother of victims wanted him dead. But paramedics performed heroic efforts to save him. Then because this was pre-Obamacare and he was uninsured, we all had to pick up the expensive bill (not to mention the court costs, and his public attorney).  He tried to commit suicide in prison two more times. Both times the state put in a lot more of an effort than they do for crazy people who are freezing to death on the streets. It's a flipped around system of priorities.And many people say "They should suffer in jail. Death is too easy" ... stfu you crazy people. I don't want to pay for prison torture because some weirdos sick fantasies. The victim's want him dead, he wants suicide, and he's kept alive until he's 90 now. The pill and last meal would cost no more than a thousand bucks.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Sorry if I'm late to the party here. I'm not going to read all the comments, so if I'm redundant, again,  my apologies.As a little background, I'm actually against the death penalty and for euthenasia, but my reasoning is different.Anywho, I think we are looking at two different things. The death penalty goes under the presumption that death is the ultimate punishment and a deterrent. Euthenasia goes on the assumption that death is actually a relief. Can the same thing be both a relief and a punishment?Societies tend to treat it as an unambiguous punishment, and while I see this as an error, the logic behind it is consistent.I think the better option would be for governments to admit that they don't really know, and that the perception of death differs from person to person, and their should be laws that force someone to either live or die for any reason. So I agree with your conclusion, but I see your reasoning as flawed. A government can't "care" for anything. It is a system.*multiple edits for content. 	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I have left reddit for [Voat](https://voat.co/) due to years of admin mismanagement and preferential treatment for certain subreddits and users holding certain political and ideological views.     As an act of protest, I have chosen to redact all the comments I've ever made on reddit, overwriting them with this message.     If you would like to do the same, install [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo) for Chrome, [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) for Firefox, [NinjaKit](https://github.com/os0x/NinjaKit) for Safari, [Violent Monkey](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/violent-monkey/) for Opera, or [AdGuard](http://adguard.com/) for Internet Explorer (in Advanced Mode), then add [this GreaseMonkey script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10905-reddit-overwrite-extended).    Finally, click on your username at the top right corner of reddit, click on comments, and click on the new OVERWRITE button at the top of the page. You may need to scroll down to multiple comment pages if you have commented a lot.     After doing all of the above, you are welcome to join me on [Voat](https://voat.co/)!	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
There is no such thing as a mentally competent person who wants to kill themselves.The cases of terminally ill people are another story.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Explain your first point. I genuinely don't understand it. I've met people that have said, "if life grows intolerable, I want to end it." And I understand that as a rational man. How does that make them incompetent? Suicidal ideation can be a sign of mental defect ... but does that make them irrational in their pain? Pain is real, including mental anguish. Explain, please.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I concede it is *possible* for a mostly healthy person to desire (and indeed go through with) suicide. However the number of people who do is extremely small.Those with severe depression (although their pain is real) the reasons behind it are often not rational.Suicide in itself goes against every survival instinct a living thing has, so by definition you can not desire to kill yourself and at the same time consider yourself mentally healthy.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
I guess you and I would disagree about what is rational. Pain avoidance, I believe, is rational. The higher the degree of pain or mental anguish, the increased need to alleviate it. It's the humane thing to allow it to be done painlessly and in the most dignified way possible. Belgium is doing it right.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
Why treat depression with death? That sounds more inhumane to me. I agree that dignified death should always be an option regardless, but it shouldn't be taken lightly.	If Death Penalty is allowed, euthanasia should be allowed
 If studies were to show that the Death Penalty deterred more murders than it killed innocent peopleSo then would the death penalty be the *only way* to deter murder? Would there be other means of deterring would-be murderers? If yes, are they more or less effective? Could they be improved?If no one opposed the death penalty, there would be no one to ask those questions. We would remain complacent with the death penalty and never strive for something better.Beyond all that, the premise of your view doesn't make sense to me. Given the choice between "one innocent person killed by the state, or two innocent people killed by other people," I'd choose the latter. The state can not be given a pass for killing innocent people. It must be held to a higher standard than individuals, or else it might lead to abuses of power.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
It clearly wouldn't be the only deterrent to murder, but the idea is that the DP alone would be saving more innocent lives than killing.  The state can not be given a pass for killing innocent people. but under your way of thinking, you're giving them a pass for letting two innocent people die, which is just as bad. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
  you're giving them a pass for letting two innocent people die, which is just as bad.No, it isn't. There's a difference between an individual or organization directly killing one person, and that same individual or organization indirectly allowing two people to die. You are ignoring that distinction.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
There really isn't a large separation when you have an obligation though.If I witness a car crash I have no obligation to pull an unconscious man from a burning car. If I let him die, it's very different from killing him myself.But if I'm, say, a public servant who's job is to pull people from burning cars and I witness the same thing, it's my responsibility to do so (or at least make an effort). Especially if I was getting paid by that guy to do such a job. Letting him burn would be just as bad as killing him myself because I had an obligation to save him. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
That's not an applicable analogy for your argument because it does not involve the sacrifice of one person to save two.The public servant witnessing a car burning is under an obligation to attempt to save a person trapped inside. He is not under an obligation to kill an arsonist or reckless driver to serve as a deterrent to others.The United States government is under an obligation to provide reasonable assistance to its citizens. It is not under an obligation to participate in the murder of individuals in an attempt to dissuade others from attempting murder themselves.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
It's not just as bad because the murderers aren't *allowed* to do that they're breaking the law and will be punished if caught.  If the state has a pass to kill people then no one is punished and that's the end of the story.  The state allows people to be killed everyday with every decision it makes.  For example, if they do road construction 24x7 they can finish a project that makes the road way safer in 2 weeks but if they just have the workers 8 hour shifts on week days it'll take 8 weeks.  In those 6 weeks that the road isn't safer the likelihood of death due to traffic accident goes way up.  This doesn't mean the state is killing people like in your example where the state actually executed a person.  Our laws on murder already reflect the difference in why someone is killed.  You can range from murder 1 all the way down to involuntary manslaughter all of which have different punishments even though people are still dead.  In many ways the state has license to involuntary manslaughter but I don't want to give them a license to first degree murder.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
[deleted]	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
But if we knowingly can prevent two innocent people from dying, that's essentially the same thing as the government killing them. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
It's very different. That's like saying that because I haven't donated a kidney, I killed someone.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Not really. It would be more along the lines of a mother not feeding her child so it starves. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Not at all. There is a huge difference between directly killing someone, and indirectly having someone die. Your mother/child scenario is an example of directly killing someone.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
No, a mother not feeding her child is exactly the same.The mother has an obligation to keep her kid alive - just as the state has an obligation to keep us safe.The mother isn't "directly" killing the kid - she's just not saving his life with food. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
  No, a mother not feeding her child is exactly the same.Here's the thing. The mother has a direct effect on whether or not the child dies. If she doesn't feed the child, it dies, making her directly responsible for the death. With the government/death penalty, the government is not directly involved should someone be killed by someone else. Much in the same way, I would not be directly involved if someone dies due to my not donating a kidney.   The mother has an obligation to keep her kid alive - just as the state has an obligation to keep us safe.So then is the state responsible for any and all crimes regardless of who did them? That seems to be what you're implying. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
The state has a responsibly to do what it can, just like a parent. A parent would be responsible if the kid starved to death, but not if the kid died from a birth defect or something. Just like how the government can't stop every crime from happening but it should do what it can.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
If you want to extrapolate that argument, then why not have the Government force everyone to work from home and never leave their house? We could probably eliminate quite a few murders!Even if it were the case (similar to *if* it were the case with the Death Penalty), we accept a certain amount of risk in order to live in the society which we currently enjoy.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
If you are taking the completely utilitarian argument, then there are far better uses of money than spending on the death penalty. A death penalty case costs 1.24 million dollars per person in taxpayer funds (vs. $740,000 for life sentences.) A life saving malaria net costs $10. When you consider that people need multiple nets over their lifetime, it still comes out to only $3,300 over a lifetime. We can provide 50,000 nets for the same price as going after the death penalty for just one criminal. In this way, your argument becomes would you rather have one innocent person killed by the state, two innocent people killed by other people, or 150 people killed by disease? Even if you think the money should be spent on protecting tax paying domestic citizens that than disease, there are far more cost effective ways of stopping crime.Source: http://www.givewell.org/international/technical/programs/insecticide-treated-nets	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
You do have a point, but it was more of a philosophical question rather than a nitty-gritty economics experiment. I would also argue that with the advances we've had in technology, the cost of a DP case would drop significantly with a reform process (limited appeals, DNA requirements, etc) 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
  You do have a point, but it was more of a philosophical question rather than a nitty-gritty economics experimentYou're espousing an ethical system that *demands* that questions of ethics be reduced to "nitty-gritty economics experiments", what you're saying there isn't really reasonable, if you're a utilitarian you have to engage with utilitarian criticisms	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
utilitarianism is a philosophical position. I'm literally doing a paper for a class for moral justifications of punishments.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
 it would be immoral to opposeHow so? If I recall correctly, morals are subjective value systems, and if a large enough group of people think killing is wrong for any reason (and I do believe such a group exists), it would be immoral to have the death penalty at all. We can't stop evil people from existing, but we can at least exercise control over an evil judicial system.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
  So essentially what it would come down to is: would you rather have one innocent person killed by the state, or two innocent people killed by other people? And to me, the person behind the trigger doesn't matter, only the end result - and I see two dead to one dead, and one dead is a far better, or I guess "less worse," situation.  It would only be immoral to oppose this outcome if you adhere to a strictly utilitarian philosophy. You're looking at the ontology of the actions - that they produce desirable consequences, quantitatively, regardless of how they are achieved. Funnily enough, this is remarkably robotic in that deals plainly with quantitative data, ignoring whatever ethics or moral codes are adhered to in the process. From a deontological standpoint, in which we actually care about the way we act in order to achieve an outcome (because are those actions not equally subject to moral judgment?), one can easily argue that saving one extra hypothetical life (and yes, we are talking about hypothetical lives because, even if we are working off of statistical predictors, we are still making an assumption that lives will be saved) is not morally worth the means to achieve it. You suggest that, in the grand scheme of things, we are ultimately against death. And while I understand this makes fewer deaths seem like the only viable moral goal, in a legal system that is purportedly meant to not just enforce but uphold our moral standards, murdering to prevent murder is--from a variety of ethical standpoints--immoral. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
By your logic, any action which the government takes which results in fewer fatalities is morally correct.The introduction of the automobile has resulted in hundreds of thousands if not millions of deaths since its introduction. By your same logic, it is morally wrong to support automobiles since they result in the deaths of innocent lives and therefore the government should ban the automobile.Also, in your scenario you would be fostering a long-term mistrust in the government due to its inability to prove the innocence of the various families and friends of the innocents that are executed who would then lose faith in the government and could turn to organized crime or vigilantism for justice.You also ignore the potential for rehabilitation if the murderer serves a sentence in jail. It is possible for murderers to reform and become productive members of society. That is supposed to be the purpose of prison, to rehabilitate people. In your scenario, while two innocents may be killed, one innocent is saved by not being executed and two murderers may reform and be reintegrated into society.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Studies show that the Against Malaria Foundation can save human lives for about $1600 apiece.  Do I have a moral obligation to steal from my grandmother and donate that money to save lives at $1600 apiece?  Or does morality actually include a lot more than just "maximum lives saved"?	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
No, because you're under no obligation to protect others from Malaria.the state is under an obligation to protect us. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Why isn't the state under any obligation to protect us from dangerous pathogens? If not malaria, it could be any other local life threatening disease.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Well, it differs from state to state. In the US, the government really doesn't really have any big obligation to protect us from malaria. While an epidemic is a different story, malaria isn't high on the list of stuff we worry about. Crime, however, falls under that umbrella of the things we rely on the state for protection for. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Gov'ts in the US spends a ton of money killing mosquitos so people don't die of malaria, mostly local and state gov'ts.http://www.epa.gov/pesticides/health/mosquitoes/mosquitojoint.htmhttp://www.cdpr.ca.gov/docs/dept/westnile/mosqover.pdfAs a separate objection: in your opinion, if studies showed that having a larger army prevented deaths from terrorism, does that automatically justify a draft?  	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Then does the state have a responsibility to forcibly take this money and re-distribute it?Sure, America isn't suffering from Malaria, but there's some homeless people dying on the streets and other people dying of stuff that money could easily cure.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
The problem is - money doesn't cure that. And even if it did, the argument was more of a philosophical question than a money management question. the DP doesn't inherently have to cost a shit ton of money. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
What?  Money doesn't cure homelessness?Yeah, it does.  I give you a house and you're not homeless.The money management is relevant.  You're basically arguing that saving lives is worth it, regardless of how we do it, so if taxing the shit out of people saved lives, then why shouldn't we do it by your logic?Also, the DP is going to have to be hella expensive to ensure it isn't killing innocent people.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
  You're basically arguing that saving lives is worth it, regardless of how we do it, so if taxing the shit out of people saved lives, then why shouldn't we do it by your logic?not really, because you'd be lowing the quality of everyone's lives by taxing them. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
But you'd be saving people.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
And arguably living under a regime that uses the death penalty does the same. With this point, you're contradicting the other arugments you're making in this CMV	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
You're assuming a strictly Utilitarian framework (at-least regarding murderers).  Essentially, anything could be accepted if it "saved" lives.  What if we tortured murderers to deter murder?  You said it yourself, the person behind the trigger doesn't matter.  Does doing anything to a "caused cog" (for as material beings we are all defined by our own physical nature and how it is shaped by social and material variables) become justifiable if it saves others?  What if instead of doing this, we promote general social welfare and Positive Liberty (i.e. material liberty) which would save just as many lives (if not more) and it would try to save the killer as well as others through helping those who have gone done the wrong path.I know some people are very-likely "beyond" us helping them fundamentally, and them re-entering society; but I believe those people are few and far between and as caused beings they deserve humane treatment even though they are "beasts."  Two wrongs don't make a right, as simplistic and cliched as that sounds.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Morality isn't a calculation. Morality is a value system. It would be **illogical** to oppose it, because the numbers say that it is. That doesn't make it immoral. If I don't feel comfortable with the state sending a possibly innocent person to death, I could still oppose the death penalty. There's a difference between two more people theoretically dying and the state picking one person who is innocent and killing them. It might not be a difference to you, but morally, it could very well be a significant difference to someone else. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
i guess id take the philosophy way.If you could kill 1 child to save 4 people, would it be immoral to opose it?even if means harming an innocent?	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Utilitarianism isn't the only moral system, and at its basest form is probably opposed by most Americans. One could argue that government must be above such actions and held to a higher standard, even if they are effective. A study like this would be a good pragmatic argument, but it's not an ironclad moral argument as you suggest.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
I know your situation is hypothetical - but I wanted to ask: Do you really believe the death penalty is a deterrent? If you do, can you explain why you believe this to be true?	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
I don't really know, all the studies we get back are vague and contradict eachother.It has to be at least a small deterrent. There has to have been at least one guy somewhere who thought himself out of it because he didn't want to die. How big of a deterrent it is though I have no idea. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
The reason I question this is because: 1) Many crimes like murder are crimes of passion, where no one is thinking rationally or logically about potential consequences or long-term outcomes. 2) Let's assume some people rationally and logically think about potential punishments. 25 years or life in prison is an extraordinarily severe punishment already. If they are not deterred by this already - then they probably won't be deterred by anything at all. The reason serious crimes still happen is not because they don't think 25 years in prison is a big deal - they happen because they don't think they'll get caught in the first place. Uping the punishment won't change their thought processes.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
well, crimes of passion generally aren't death penalty candidates. DP cases almost always involve premeditation. And like I said, most of our studies conflict with eachother, it was more of a mental experiment than anything. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
I would agree with the others that suggest that the government letting 2 people die is different than actively killing 1 innocent person, however.But that said... let's say you talked to people pre-meditating serious crimes. If you told them that there is a 100% chance that they will get caught... how many would continue and do the crime with life in prison, but not do the crime with the death penalty? I think the vast majority (basically everyone) would NOT do the crime, even with just life in prison. What crime is worth 25 years in prison?	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
This is an overly utilitarian form of morality. Let's say that 100 people  are murdered every year. Suppose that studies showed conclusively that sacrificing 99 randomly chosen people a year to Cthulhu would appease it and cause it to magically bring down the murder rate to 0.  Would it be immoral to oppose this sort of sacrifice? 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
If thats how it actually worked, then yes.I mean I completely understand that whoever is dying is going to be upset - but someone has to die. Why not make it 99 instead of 100?	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
The government is a representative of the people in the way that a murderer is not. As such, we should hold it to a higher moral standard, because they are by extension our standards. I think murder is immoral, and I would like my representatives not to commit it. I would also like murderers not to commit murder, but I can't control them. At the end of the day though, I think it boils down to relative numbers. If sacrificing to Cthulhu reduced the probability of a random person of being murdered from 95% to 0%, then it might be a necessary evil. If it reduced a person's probability from 0.001% to 0.00099%, then I think it would unwise and immoral to decide to live in a society where the government has the ability to murder and deal with dark powers to solve its problems, as this might reflect in more things than just the murder rate. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Let's consider Ebola.Let's assume that the math works out that each person who is infected has a certain chance of infecting others (who might infect others and so on), and thus the average number of people who die due to that person is 1.0001.In that case, you're morally bound to execute that patient immediately, right?Beyond that, in both my case and yours, there are alternatives.  You can quarantine the patient, for instance, or provide better medical care.  In your case, rather than using the death penalty, lifetime imprisonment will lead to the same number of victims lives being saved, PLUS the innocent prisoner, saving THREE lives total.It's not an either/or.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
it would be irrational to oppose but not necessarily immoral. morality is not contingent on rationality.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Morals aren't necessarily for the greater good. Basically what you're saying is that if state sanctioned killing effectively caused less dead people in the long run, it would be the right thing. The thing is that the best for the most people should never have the final say on what is the right thing to do. It would be the best for the most people to euthanize all retarded or disabled people, but almost everyone agrees that's not the right thing to do.In the end morality is subjective anyways.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
So is the end result of how many lives are saved all that matters when determining what is moral and what isn't?? Using a similar reasoning, you could probably justify the performance of many horrifying experiments on unwilling test subjects. The estimated value of lives saved in the long term from doing these experiments would outweigh the cost of violating the rights of a few. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
In this scenario, other alternatives could still be more effective at preventing death. For instance, a re-education/containment policy might be effective at reducing violent tendencies. Even if it only succeeds with a few percent of the offenders, that's just as good as the death penalty.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
What do you think is the morally correct response to the [transplant problem](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trolley_problem): A brilliant transplant surgeon has five patients, each in need of a different organ, each of whom will die without that organ. Unfortunately, there are no organs available to perform any of these five transplant operations. A healthy young traveler, just passing through the city the doctor works in, comes in for a routine checkup. In the course of doing the checkup, the doctor discovers that his organs are compatible with all five of his dying patients. Suppose further that if the young man were to disappear, no one would suspect the doctor.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Interesting problem, not sure on the answer for that one - but the situation is different, slightly. If all parties are equal and the organs are failing due to luck (ie: the lungs aren't failing because they were a smoker), then yes I'd believe it's the moral choice to save 5 people. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Why do you place a stipulation that all parties must be equal and the organs are failing due to luck in this scenario, but you do not put similar restrictions on the morality of the death penalty?	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
Because this is a specific one time scenario whereas the DP would be applied on a whole. You'd be unable to look at the individual circumstances for everything while making policy. 	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
We could generalize this situation to the policy of forcibly harvesting organs from healthy individuals in order to save people who suffer from organ failure.I assume that in such a policy you would place a stipulation that it can only be done if the situations of all participants are equal and the organ recipients are not responsible for their illness?	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
I mean i see where you're going and it is a great parallel, but the biggest difference is that for each case of that it still would be a specific situation. With the DP analogy above, we don't know which of those 100 people was innocent, and we don't know who's going to be murdered until after it happens.With organ harvesting we'd have to run it case by case, which would make it a legal nightmare. But on a moral level there are certainly cases where it would be better to save the many	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
  With the DP analogy above, we don't know which of those 100 people was innocent, and we don't know who's going to be murdered until after it happens.I agree, but we can analyze population as a whole. I think that the two groups are not likely to be "equal" (however you define that word). If the population of homicide victims is unequal to the population of people wrongly convicted then wouldn't it still be immoral?for example, one exception you made to the transplant problem was for people who are partially responsible for their illness (for example, smoking). Many people who are killed are partially responsible for provoking the killer (for example. adulterers killed by the spouse they cheated on). Is there any reason to assume the two populations are equal? It seems logical that the population of murder and manslaughter victims, on average, did something to provoke the killer. However, I don't see any reason to assume that the population of people wrongly convicted of murder/manslaughter are in the situation for any reason other than luck on average.	If studies were to show that the Death Penalty is deterrend, it would be immoral to oppose it
This may seem like a glib answer, but what's wrong with the response that while a military and police force that are equipped to kill serve a necessary function (namely, protecting us), the death penalty serves no such function, because everything it accomplishes can also be accomplished by imprisonment?Note also that we can hold this view while opposing the *actual operations* of the military and police, which we might think *don't* primarily serve the function of defense and security. We can think that but still accept that there is a *necessary* role for the police and military to play, even if they are not playing it right now, or if they are doing other unrelated things as well.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Can imprisonment save up over 1 million$ of taxpayer money? Don't bring up private prisons please unless you yourself actually advocate them.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Can the death penalty save money? It's my impression that it's actually more expensive than life imprisonment.But let's grant that it can, and that imprisonment will always be more expensive. So what? That may be a reason to prefer the death penalty, but it has nothing to do with either OP's position (that it's not "ideologically consistent" to oppose the death penalty if you don't oppose the police and the military's license to kill) or my point that there's no necessary function the death penalty serves that couldn't be served by imprisonment. Saving a certain amount of money is not a necessary thing to do.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
The death penalty costs a lot more than imprisonment. Neither saves anybody any money. 	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
I would say that many of them do so.   There are many anti-Police brutality and anti-War movements, are you unfamiliar with them?	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
I am familiar with them, but I am saying that they should not only oppose war and police brutality, but they should oppose the police and army killing anyone under ANY circumstances, just like they oppose the death penalty under ANY circumstances.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
[deleted]	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
No immediate danger, true, but they could present a danger in the future. Also, what if there is a cartel or mob leader who is running his operation from behind bars, as many of them do, and his cartel or mobs is actively killing its opponents? And even though you've interrogated all the guards, you still can't figure out which one is in cahoots with the cartel leader. That seems like an immediate danger to me, and one which happens quite regularly. Would the death penalty be okay at that point?	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
[deleted]	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
So we have to leave him alive in prison to run his operation with impunity (and kill dozens more people) just because the police were unlucky enough to have captured him alive rather than put a bullet in his head right then and there? The only difference to me seems to be a difference of timing, and whether it's the judicial or the executive branch doing the killing.People are still killing and being killed because of the cartel leader's continued life. Should we just release him from prison and then deliberately get in a gunfight with him, and kill him then? That would seem like a good strategy to get around your arbitrary prohibition of killing someone unless they possess an "immediate danger." Ironically, it would save more lives too, which death penalty abolitionists seem to be keen on.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Sry but your example is stupid. Why would you let him run his operation in prison?In the case that you don't know if he is running a operation from prison, you would have no cause to punish him (killing or whatever).In the other case you could easily prevent him from doing so, put him in solitary confinement and restrict his access to communicate to the outside world. And when you want to argue that something like this wouldn't be possible legally or practically, than this would be your problem to solve.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Would killing the leader even stop the cartel? Probably not. Not to mention that again the leader is not posing a direct threat	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Let's say, for argument's sake, that it would stop the cartel, because the leader is that essential to their organization. If not stop the cartel outright, it would at least hamper their ability to kill more innocent people. I'd call that a direct threat, wouldn't you? His continuing to live means that others continue to die.He may not be posing a direct threat, but if it's okay to kill a soldier who is "just following orders" and a general during wartime who is "only commanding troops," why should the cartel leader get a free pass? Just because society was unlucky enough to have captured him alive instead of being fortunate enough to shoot him in an armed standoff? Why should immediacy change the treatment we give someone?	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
  Let's say, for argument's sake, that it would stop the cartel, because the leader is that essential to their organization.This is becoming a very hypothetical situation. And an even simpler solution is just to transfer him to another wing, or even another prison depending on how much power he has.  I'd call that a direct threat, wouldn't you? His continuing to live means that others continue to die.Yes, but not in the same way. you can easily prevent him from continuing to guide the cartel, and as such, there exists a non lethal means to stop him. The same is not so if an officer encounters him in his hideout shooting at the officer.  He may not be posing a direct threat, but if it's okay to kill a soldier who is "just following orders" and a general during wartime who is "only commanding troops," why should the cartel leader get a free pass? The solider isn't following orders, the soldier is trying not to die. He is stuck between a rock and a hard place. Kill the RPG dude, or die. He is acting out of self preservation and doesn't have a non lethal means of stoping the RPG dude, thereby limiting his options to dying or lethal force. And the general doesn't necessarily get a free pass. If he messes up, and kills multiple civilians, the blood is on his hands, and he will have to face the consequences.  Why should immediacy change the treatment we give someone?Once again, the issue is the level of the threat at that moment in time. If he's shooting at you, it's much higher than if he is stuck behind bars.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
How do time or level of threat justify or excuse killing?If I commit a murder a year from now, how is it any better or worse than if I commit a murder today?Situation A: I walk into the room after a rapist has raped and murdered my sister, and I kill him then and there.Situation B: I walk into the room and he escapes, and I swear vengeance. Then, after a year of tracking him down, I finally find him and kill him for what he did a year ago. From my point of view it doesn't matter, I'm killing him for the same thing.How is B worse than A? He still ends up dead, and for the same actions. From the rapist's point of view, situation B is preferable, because he gets to live another year.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
  No immediate danger, true, but they could present a danger in the future.So we should just kill people because they might be dangerous in the future. Who has the privilege of being the overseer who predicts the future. Do we kill prisoners who have not yet murdered but are violent. Do we kill people who are mentally unstable.There is a huge difference between killing in active self defense and killing someone in a premeditated execution. Personally I think the US stance on guns being openly available for self defense is stupid, it does not mean I don't believe killing in self defense is never justified. I think the death penalty is wrong, it does not mean I think that killing is never justified, it means I think the premeditated execution of a captured, unarmed person is wrong 	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Why is it any worse than killing them while they are committing the act? Situation A: I walk into the room after a rapist has raped and murdered my sister. I see that he has a gun, and, fearing for my life, I reach for my own gun, I kill him then and there.Situation B: I walk into the room and he escapes, and I swear vengeance. Then, after a year of tracking him down, I finally find him and kill him for what he did a year ago. How is B worse than A? He still ends up dead, and I killed him for the same actions. From the rapist's point of view, situation B is preferable, because he gets to live another year. From my point of view it doesn't matter; I just want him dead.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Self defense is the difference. Self defense is not pre-meditated, it is something no one should have to do but unfortunately it does happen. Self defense is stopping something that is already happening. If you chase someone down, someone who is not threatening your life then you are simply a murderer. It does not matter if the person has raped or murdered someone, we do not punish people with an eye for an eye, it is also not up to you to decide his guilt and punishment. The word you used, "vengeance" is really a big part of the issue. The death penalty is all about vengeance. It is not about punishment or about rehabilitation. You should not have a right to get your vengeance, especially when your idea of vengeance is death. One persons illegal and wrong acts do not give you a right to do the same to them. To do so make you no better then them. For a society vengeance is not a good thing, it leads to a never ending loop. Criminals should be treated with punishment and rehabilitation, punishment for the act they committed and rehabilitation to lower recidivism. What the punishment should be is up to society to decide and most modern countries have decided that death is not a just punishment.   	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Some of them do.  Others may have different nuances to their views, such as seeing a distinction between a deliberate execution and the hypothetical homicide that is not adjudicated as criminal.  But I don't doubt that all of them would prefer that no such event occurred, whether at the hands of the police, the military, or even a civilian.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Then why don't they advocate for completely disarming the police under all circumstances, including when the police are facing off against other armed people. After all, there's a small chance that an innocent person could die, just like with the death penalty.They also should advocate for the complete abolition of the military, even in wartime. After all, if killing people is always wrong, no matter what they have done (or plan to do, or try to do) then the military is 1000x worse than the death penalty.Death penalty opponents' focusing solely on the death penalty is like mowing your lawn when your house is on fire.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
  Then why don't they advocate for completely disarming the police under all circumstances, including when the police are facing off against other armed people. After all, there's a small chance that an innocent person could die, just like with the death penalty.If the police are disarmed, how can we expect them to be able to stop an armed criminal from harming innocents? After all, if killing people is always wrong, no matter what they have doneI don't view killing as always wrong, I view executions as unnecessary.  In wartime, killing is sometimes necessary.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
  If the police are disarmed, how can we expect them to be able to stop an armed criminal from harming innocents?Tasers, stun guns, etc. Seems to work okay in the UK. Though they do have some armed units and under the anti-death penalty logic, even those should be done away with. Maybe throw a net around the criminals, but my point is that if you can't kill them with a trial, you certainly can't kill them without one. It's unjust. I don't view killing as always wrong, I view executions as unnecessary. In wartime, killing is sometimes necessary.Do you view ALL executions as unnecessary, or just some of them? If so, why are you willing to concede that killing in wartime or by the police is sometimes necessary, but executions are never necessary under any conceivable circumstances? What leads you to take an absolutist view on executions but a flexible view on war? War kills far more innocent people.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
  Tasers, stun guns, etc.Every nonlethal weapon has it's drawbacks.  If we had stun guns as effective as what you see in Star trek, maybe this could be a valid course of action, but the reality is that nonlethal methods are significantly less effective than lethal methods.  For example: Maybe throw a net around the criminalsEvery method we have available requires getting very close, which puts the net thrower in significant danger.  Even then, our most advanced net throwers have terrible accuracy and reload time, so getting in net throwing range isn't a guarantee that the criminal will be netted.  Finally, a determined person can still be dangerous inside a net.  If they have a knife they can cut their way out and if they have a gun they can still shoot someone from inside the net. Do you view ALL executions as unnecessary, or just some of them?The vast majority.  I can see a hypothetical scenario where someone remains too dangerous even when in custody or is too skilled at escaping and is dangerous once loose.  But hose situations are rare enough that there is no need to have executions as a possible punishment for the average criminal.  I could see the necessity of executions maybe once every couple of years world wide. What leads you to take an absolutist view on executions but a flexible view on war? War kills far more innocent people.Wars would kill more innocent people if we did not fight back.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
  Tasers, stun guns, etc. Seems to work okay in the UK.Because very few people have guns in the UK. It wouldn't work nearly as well in the US.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
I don't know who "they" are or that they aren't advocating such things.    But I certainly don't think they are solely focusing on the death penalty either, there are many who do speak of their opposition to these things you mention.And as I said, a person can draw a distinction between a deliberate execution and the hypothetical homicide that is not adjudicated as criminal.  The latter is not an endorsement of force, but a decline to punish.  And perhaps instead of "killing people is always wrong" their sentiment may be more accurately expressed as something like the "state should never deliberate kill a human being as part of its policy goals" rather than your phrasing.  And again, I don't doubt that all of them would prefer that no such events occurred, whether through the form of executions, wars, or the death penalty.  They may be able to accept them, or even find them needful, but that doesn't mean they don't oppose them.  They just aren't making the same choice of activities as you would prefer, but make other ones.  	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Would you include abortion?	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Military and police confrontations are not as predictable. If we could still meet the goals of military and police forces without lethal force than your argument would make more sense. A prisoner on Death Row is not a risk to society and it costs more for society to kill them than to have them confined to prison for the remainder of their lives.It is a reasonable request that we don't kill people if we don't have to, but police and militaries sometimes have to in order to work effectively. The judicial system doesn't need to kill people.That is the main difference that I see between the two, predictability/necessity.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
  A prisoner on Death Row is not a risk to society and it costs more for society to kill them than to have them confined to prison for the remainder of their lives.There are many cartel leaders who run their businesses from behind bars. Prisoners also could potentially escape, or harm other inmates. Look at Mexico and ask yourself if they would be in the same situation versus the cartels if they had the cajones to put a bullet in their heads?As for cost, the military budget (of the US at least) dwarfs every other nation's, and is higher than the next top ten combined. The police and military could still function without killing someone. They could use tear gas, rubber bullets, or tasers. Even the military could function by stunning their enemies with knockout gas and rounding them up into POW camps.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
 There are many cartel leaders who run their businesses from behind bars. Prisoners also could potentially escape, or harm other inmates. Look at Mexico and ask yourself if they would be in the same situation versus the cartels if they had the cajones to put a bullet in their heads?Mexico doesn't have a problem because they don't have the death penalty. There problem is that they have too many corrupt officials and prison guards who are in the pockets of cartels. The police and military could still function without killing someone. They could use tear gas, rubber bullets, or tasers. Even the military could function by stunning their enemies with knockout gas and rounding them up into POW camps.There are many situations where non-lethal measures are not effective during police work. How about a hostage situation for example.A non-lethal military is no military at all. The fact that you propose knockout gas and POW camps as an alternative is laughable. The plan of knockout gas wouldn't even work against guerrilla warfare much less a modern military with hermetically sealed tanks, destroyers, bombers, etc.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
It's no more laughable than refusing to kill someone who is sitting in prison running an operation which is actively killing dozens of people, and whose death would severly hamper his cartel's effectiveness and save dozens or hundreds of lives. All because you were unlucky enough to have captured him rather than killed him in the field.The reason that the autodefensas have been successful where the Mexican government has not is because they, unlike the government, is willing to use lethal force and shoot these murdering cartel leaders right where they stand. They don't waste years on a trial or put them in a cardboard prison. They do what needs to be done: they kill them.Why you think this is wrong when having a lethal military is okay is beyond me. Both result in death.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
  Why you think this is wrong when having a lethal military is okay is beyond me. Both result in death.There are plenty of countries that do not have the death penalty that also have a well functioning justice system. Every country in Europe, for example, is required to ban capital punishment. There are no examples of non-lethal military because it doesn't work.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
I think you are grossly exaggerating the reach prisoners on death row have. They are the most strictly controlled group in any prison system. Their communications are tightly monitored, much more so than general population inmates. Death row inmates are typically confined to their cells for 23 hours a day. They are allowed an hour of exercise in individual yards.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
I would argue that there is a great difference between use of lethal force as punishment and the use of lethal force as self defense in th face of imminent danger. There is a great difference between executing a helpless prisoner and actively defending the life and well being of yourself or another person.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
What is the difference? One of timing?Why should time have anything to do with it? Because someone is helpless at the moment, it's not okay to kill them in that moment? George just mugged and shot a man to death. A policeman arrives on the scene, sees George with a gun in his hand, gets into a confrontation and shoots George, who dies. This is okay with you.Bob just mugged and shot a man to death. No policeman arrives until Bob has already left the scene. They collect DNA and other evidence, a court tries and convict Bob for the murder, and he ends up in the electric chair a year later.They both still end up dead. The result is exactly the same. And they've been killed for exactly the same actions. Morally, I see no relevant distinction other than one of timing. How is *when* something happens, whether now or a year from now, different? If I commit a murder yesterday, how is it any worse or better than if I commit a murder a year from now?Also, there are plenty of mob bosses and cartel kingpins who run their operation from behind bars and, if they were executed, their death would hamper their organization's effectiveness and save potentially hundreds of lives. Yet it's wrong to execute them?	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
[deleted]	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
If you agree that a delay of death is a good thing, then how can you say that the death penalty for a crime after several years of trials is worse than shooting someone in self-defense in the moment?	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Your example cheats by making an assumption that the police officer lives, when in fact George does pose a threat to the police officer's life.The comparable examples would be:A: Police officer shoots George.  George dies.B: Police officer doesn't shoot George.  George lives 5 more years while police officer has a 10% chance of dying. From a utilitarian point of view, the life of a police officer is worth much more than 10x as much as the life of a murderer who'd spend his life in jail.  But I'd prefer a deontological point of view: you have every right to kill someone threatening you or a loved one no matter how much their/your life is worth.Now, execution is very different from self-defense because the tradeoff is different.  In the case of self-defense the person is a threat, so you are trading off harm vs harm.  In the case of execution the person is not a threat, so you are not trading off the same harm vs harm.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
This isn't the same at all. If George is shot by police there is no investigation.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
It's not the same thing though. Most police only fire if the suspect poses a significant threat (i.e. tries to shoot them), and a similar issue with the military (see WW2). Not to mention there are most certainly anti war groups anyways.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
People in prison can pose a significant threat, too. The Supermax exists for a reason. There's always the chance that they could escape, however small. If they are violent, they could potentially harm other inmates or guards. Also, if they are a head of a cartel or other criminal gang, they could still potentially run their operation from behind bars, as many of them do.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
But the key issue is the threat. A policeman who is getting shot at by an armed man doesn't have a choice not to shoot, as his life is directly under threat. People in supermax pose a threat, but that's why they are in a supermax, where they pose much less of a threat. Same issue with military. If someone fires an RPG at you, you can't just tell him to stop, you kinda have to shoot him.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Sure he does. He could shoot back with a taser, or a rubber bullet. Or, he could don a bulletproof vest and wait for the shooter to run out of bullets. Even dangerous armed men can be taken into captivity (see the Aurora movie theater shooter) The man he is firing back at has never had a trial. How is that somehow allowed but the death penalty, with trials and multiple appeals, is considered unfair?As for the guy firing an RPG at you, he could have been under duress or compulsion. His religion could tell him that it's okay. He could just be insane. Killing him is never the answer. We need to have the same compassion for him that Norway shows to Anders Brevik, and put him on a nice island for a few years and let him go. I'm sure he'll appreciate it so much that he'll never kill again. The fact that he is CURRENTLY firing an RPG at you (as opposed to having done it in the past) is of no consequence. Time should have nothing to do with it.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
  He could shoot back with a taser, or a rubber bullet.Tasers have a limited range and are only so effective. Rubber bullets are even less effective as they can't stop the attacker, only momentarily stop him (if even that depending on whether or not he has any armor). And the military usually caries neither of them anyways.  Or, he could don a bulletproof vest and wait for the shooter to run out of bullets.They use them, but they don't work like that. They can prevent a fatal shot, but you can't just have someone unload entire clips into it and walk it off.If there was a way to have the shooter subdued non-lethally that would be great, but that isn't always possible. The main concern is the life of the officer, which is more important in this case. And again, there are very few times where an officer even needs to use lethal force. Finally, the shooter poses a much more serious threat than someone who is already behind bars and therefore can only pose so much of a threat.  As for the guy firing an RPG at you, he could have been under duress or compulsion. His religion could tell him that it's okay. He could just be insane. Those are not really acceptable excuses. If he is under duress, then he is still shooting at you (unless he is intentionally missing, in which case it would be a completely different story). And the religion thing is not acceptable, as no religion actively encourages violence, only groups that actively misinterpret religions.  Killing him is never the answer.The issue is that *if you don't kill him, you will probably die*. It's a life or death decision there, and if you don't shoot, his next shot might hit your vehicle instead of the truck next to you. Not to mention his motives are irrelevant. What matters is the fact that he is putting the soldiers life in immediate danger, and is forcing the solider to react in the only way possible in this situation.In short, the issue is that in one situation (shooter), your life would be in immediate danger, and if you don't kill the attacker (assuming non-lethal methods are impossible), then you will die. This is not the case for someone who is already subdued and behind bars, as they no longer have this capacity, and as such do not need to be killed (Anders Brevik poses much less danger now then when he was actively shooting people). 	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
You are presupposing why they believe that. Your logic is flawed.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
I'm not presupposing anything. In my original post, I listed some common arguments against the death penalty, and showed how those same arguments could be used to argue against armed police and the military.If there are other arguments for abolishing the death penalty, please bring them to my attention and I will update my post accordingly.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
One could easily say that unneeded death is wrong. The goal could be to minimize death. I've heard it said that peace is what every soldier wants. Ultimately the goal of police and the military is to protect and save lives. These organizations have a degree of needs death to save lives. One could argue because execution does not save lives it should be banned.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
There is a difference between killing someone as a punishment, and killing someone because that is the only way to stop them from harming others.  Whether a guilty person sits in jail or a grave, they will not harm people again, but there is the chance at overturning a wrongful conviction when the person is in jail, not so when they are in a grave.  On the other hand, if someone is waving a gun around, sometimes the only way to stop them from shooting an innocent person is to shoot them first.  It could be that by killing one person, we can avoid the death of many.**TL;DR:**  I view them as different circumstances and the killing as happening for different reasons.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
The difference is that with the death penalty, there is a choice. When police have a suspect cornered who is armed and dangerous, sometimes the only way to ensure their safety, and to protect themselves and the rest of the people is to shoot. No cops take a suspect and lay him down and shoot him instead of arresting him, shooting is a last case scenario that is sometimes necessary to guarantee the safety of our police and army officers. Arguing that these situations are the same is not viable, because one involves a choice where the criminal is already arrested and not a threat, while the other there is a clear and present danger, that officers need protection from.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
The gigantic difference being once you have some one in prison (and we could modify the prison to fit the goal), they are completely and utterly no longer a threat. The use of force by military and police forces is to subdue a threat that is currently existent. 	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
I think that the budget spend on defence and police help protect lives when used as a defensive force. I oppose wars that I think don't save lives. The death penalty costs more than life imprisonment, doesn't deter crime and kills innocent people. Aside from that I think taking the time to think about what you're going to do with someone who you believe broke society's laws and coming to the conclusion you should kill then is morally wrong. The immediacy of the situation is quite different. 	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
There are a variety of reasons to be anti-death penalty, though.It's generally more expensive to execute someone in the United States than to imprison them for life because of the appeals process and court costs. Without that process, we would execute the innocent, which we still do even today with that system in place, which is another reason to be against it. There is no way to make up for executing an innocent person, whereas a person sentenced to life in prison can at the very least be released and possibly compensated for their time. Thus execution makes the assumption that not only are we currently certain that the accused committed the crime, but also that regardless of whatever technology comes out in future, there will never be any possibility of finding evidence of the innocence of accused. The current method of execution is possibly very slow and painful, often taking hours for the inmate to die, and cruel and unusual punishments are illegal in this country. We use very little medical reasoning to determine what drugs we use to kill people, and as a result mistakes are made.There is more to it than a general dislike of killing.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
My main objection to the death penalty is that our justice system convicts too many innocent people.  It goes beyond a simple uncertainty of guilt, it is certain that some percentage of convicts never committed the crime.  We have even seen cases where people have been executed even though their conviction was known to be wrong.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
  Situation A: I walk into my house and discover that a crazed man has stabbed my family to death. Fearing for my own life, **and enraged at his actions**, I reach for my concealed handgun and shoot him, and he dies.This is no legal justification to kill a person. Reasonably fearing for your life is (under certain circumstances). If you testify that you were drawing your weapon out of rage, you might be tried for manslaughter regardless. The right of self defense is just that ... a right of **self defense**. In my country (I think it's similar to the US), you are limited to reasonable force executing this right. This means if the murderer is unarmed and weaker than you, you can not kill him with a knife or a gun.**THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT!** You do not have the right to revenge. The reason for the existence of the justice system is to de-couple feelings from judgment.  Situation B: I walk into my house, see the murder scene, draw my gun, and the man runs away before I can shoot him. But I spend the next year tracking him down, and finally find him a year later, where I confront him and shoot him when he's unarmed.Your life is not in danger. It is illegal for you to kill him.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
  So, if you oppose the death penalty but support armed police and the armed forces, CMV that you're a hypocrite.I oppose the death penalty because I just find it stupid and needless (especially with the expensive way it is currently carried out in the United States).  While there is a *tinge* of morality that influences my position, it is far from the dominant thought for my opposition.Is there anything "wrong" with killing a guy who raped and killed 5 teen girls?  Meh.... maybe.  I dunno.  But since "I dunno", and because there are other alternatives available that I do know are not "wrong" (to me), we should just use those other alternatives.  Especially since those alternatives (as currently enacted) are significantly cheaper than the death penalty.I also support some wars.  But I only support wars that save more lives than they take.  How many people would Saddam Hussein have killed over the rest of his life had he been left in power?  Is that more or less than the number that were killed as a result of the Coalition's war in Iraq?I believe that, ultimately, the Iraq war probably saved more lives than it took (obviously, that is highly debateable).  I think the US could save lives by taking military action in The Congo and probably a few other places around the world that don't come to mind off the top of my head.So I oppose the death penalty but support military actions, and **my view is NOT hypocritical because, in both cases, I support the action that results in the fewest deaths**.  In the death penalty situation, the condemned person lives and no one else dies (because I support detention in a manner that prevents the convict from killing again), so that is a net saving of human life.  In the military conflict situation, I only support those conflicts in which fewer people die in the war, than would have died without the war.*Note*:  I didn't include armed police officers in my discussion because I don't think they're in the same realm.  Unlike the death penalty and soldiers in war, the primary objective of (good and competent) police isn't to kill, but is to apprehend.  As others have pointed out, (good and competent) police should only kill people in immediate self defense.  A totally different situation.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Prison is about quarantine, not revenge and not justice. Military actions are not about quarantine. They're ostensibly (in modern times) about protecting our nation from foreign invaders (although in reality they're about furthering the interests of the oligarchy, which makes many specific military actions morally WORSE than the death penalty, ie. the war in Iraq). Also, military action isn't usually against your own citizens. Also, when police shoot suspects there is (again, ostensibly) an element of danger to the cop.Generally I don't like the idea of giving the state the legal power to kill its own citizens, unless it's reasonably necessary. Once a murderer is behind bars, the quarantine is effective. I personally feel more comfortable letting him or her live a long life, far away from the people I care about. People who support the death penalty are not thinking about the public good. It helps nobody. I would like to see longer sentences for violent crimes, but no death penalty.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
To your edit:It doesn't matter which scenario the murderer prefers. The reason you get to kill him is to protect someone who is in immediate danger from him (namely yourself): you kill one person and you save one person, so your action is morally neutral. In scenario B you're not protecting anyone, so you don't get to kill him.Or in other words: viewed in isolation it's equally wrong to kill anyone. It's just that the good you're doing by protecting someone in immediate danger balances out the harm of killing someone.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
I'm not opposed to the death penalty through some sense of morality for our country's worst criminals. I support life imprisonment because of one, simple fact. It's cheaper. 	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
I think the state should use the least amount of force necessary against its citizens. To that end I believe we should weigh the likelihood that a person convicted of an especially violent crime and imprisoned will harm another person without a conviction for an especially violent crime against the likelihood that we have convicted them in error or in a manner which is unfair (racist, sexist, etc.). In short and in plain English, I don't believe our justice system is very good at killing people in a just manner and the risk to the innocent doesn't outweigh the benefit.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
I oppose the death penalty, but do not agree with the notion that the argument to eliminate such a penalty can be used to eliminate any "state sponsored" violence. My reasoning is simply reflected in a statement - what is the reason for catching a criminal and imprisoning them? More specifically, do we pursue and imprison criminals because we are seeking revenge or are we seeking punishment (and possible rehabilitation)?Obviously, I would imply that it is the latter, not the former. We imprison to punish wrongdoing as defined by our social compass as reflected into the laws of the land. To seek revenge is an invalid motive as it gives rise to the "eye for an eye" mentality - seeking to enact pain upon others as they have inflicted. We must punish in a neutral manner, else it loses the legitimacy of social consent to be performed. Planning someones death, as in the case of the death penalty, is akin to premeditated murder. We have a person, John Doe, in this cell. We are feeding them and clothing them, but all in the service of eventually murdering them. In this manner, we are giving them an never-ending feeling of dread not unlike someone that has been murdered themselves.This is not applicable to the police or the military. The police and the military of our countries (Canada in my case) are not enacting their jobs for the purpose of committing violence or per-meditating murder. They are doing their jobs. In such cases where forced is needed, they assess for the correct amount. In some cases, that means lethal force. It is situation based and somewhat subjective. If the cop encounters an armed man shooting innocents, he is mandated to protect the public with force up to lethality. This is just - the immediacy of the situation enforces the legitimacy of ending a stream of violence with another to protect others.In this manner, the answers for your two situations become academic. In the first, the situation has immediacy and your use of violence is just. In the second, you premeditate the act, rendering it an act of revenge which invalidates the legitimacy and renders it criminal and immoral.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
In your thought experiment, consider the benefits of killing the man, beyond whatever satisfaction you get from the revenge. Situation A: The crazed man has demonstrated that he is a threat to your life and shooting him likely saves your life.Situation B: The crazed man is not as likely an immediate threat to your life, so the benefit of killing him is removed. So yes, there is a moral asymmetry to these situations. It seems that you are using the uncertainty in these situations to argue that they're the same. Sure, a crazed man with a knife who just killed your family might not necessarily kill you, and unarmed prisoners could kill again. But it is not reasonable to assume both pose equal threats that deserve equal responses. 	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
In my opinion all good arguments capital punishment were demolished by the life-changing book "Hanged by the neck". The book has two authors: Arthur Koestler and the other C.H. Rolph.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
It's cool you have read that book but...more/synopsis/anything? I'm not reading that book so that I understand a point you are trying to make on reddit.edit: I'm not against reading a good book and I may well read that one, but you added nothing to to the CMV besides plugging a book.	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Well the initial thread question asks for an argument against the death penalty and I think in suggesting a piece of literature that does just that I have somewhat given my answer: Read the book. It was recommended to me indirectly by Christopher Hitchens and I enjoyed it very much. The book looks at statistical evidence and the fact that putting in place a death penalty does nothing to the crime rate of a population, and takes specific examples of people being hanged to form a very persuasive argument against capital punishment. 	If one is against death penalty, one has to be against all state use of lethal force (e.g. Military)
Capital punishment does not exist to get vengeance. It exists to remove criminals from society's burden, permanently. In this sense, it's the same as keeping someone in jail forever, you're just keeping them out of society. None of that justifies torture or cruel execution.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I agree with this. If someone has been horribly murdered, what good does it do society as a whole to the torture the murderer from a practical perspective? The only thing this accomplishes is to satisfy some sort of blood-lust. The practicality of removing the criminal is now completely lost (though I personally am opposed to the death penalty in any case, but that's another debate), and the purpose of the execution now becomes purely emotional.My own personal belief is that getting enjoyment out of the misery of others by inflicting some horrible suffering is never good, regardless of their crime. To me, the mark of a civilized society is one where inflicting excessive human suffering is avoided, not purposefully inflicted for no other reason than retribution. Maiming a convicted murder does not bring a loved one back. It doesn't right a wrong. It doesn't help anyone heel. It doesn't serve to deter future crimes. It just perpetuates misery and hatred.From a realistic perspective, you're also faced with wrong convictions. The idea of torturing and executing an innocent person to satisfy blood lust is easily enough reason for me to immediately rule this out. You have said that this would only be used for people who admitted murder and were not remorseful, but that is no guarantee the person truly is guilty. People confess to crimes all the time when they didn't do it, especially mentally ill people. Just look at the John Bennett-Ramsey case as proof of that. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
  The only thing this accomplishes is to satisfy some sort of blood-lust. The practicality of removing the criminal is now completely lost (though I personally am opposed to the death penalty in any case, but that's another debate), and the purpose of the execution now becomes purely emotional.You could argue that it could deter people from committing horrific crimes, though I'd suspect that the people who commit horrific crimes that would warrant this wouldn't be deterred.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
 In this sense, it's the same as keeping someone in jail foreverExcept its much cheaper to do that.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Besides the point and off-topic	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Thanks for the reply.I can see what you're saying and I agree with you there. That's the proper way our justice system is supposed to work. My issue is when people get up in arms when it's readily apparent that an inmate suffered through his execution. I can understand that it's not the way it was meant to happen, but to be actually angered by it is insane to me, provided said inmates crime was seriously heinous. I just don't see how someone can point to these people and say they didn't deserve to suffer.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
 I just don't see how someone can point to these people and say they didn't deserve to suffer.Because we've collectively agreed as a society that they have that right. The law doesn't say "We don't torture prisoners to death...unless they really deserved it". They don't need to personally sympathize with every offender to be angered by the breaking of that social contract.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Well stated, I haven't thought of it in those terms. I personally took it more as the outrage was siding with the murderer and defending him rather than against the government impeding on ones rights. Have a &amp;#8710;EDIT: Fixed the delta.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/wahtisthisidonteven. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/wahtisthisidonteven)]^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][[Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeltaBot/)]	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I personally become angry with botched lethal injections because they ought to awaken people to the stupidity of lethal injection and yet somehow that insane practice continues.  If we are going to kill people, it makes sense to use trappings that say "death".  A gun, a sword, whatever.  To use the trappings of medicine - a syringe, an anesthetic, an alcohol swab to clean the skin prior to an IV... that is to pretend we are performing a medical procedure.  We are not, and it is a blasphemy to pretend we are.  It's more painful, but more importantly it is blinding us to the reality that we are killing someone, which we should face if we're going to do it.  The repeated botchings of these lethal injections should draw attention to this blasphemy.  And every time it happens and people shrug and say "well, maybe a different medication list next time" enrages me.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I agree. What's wrong with a bullet to the head?If the person is still kicking after that, shoot them again, I'd rather that than an hour of lying immobile while my insides are liquefied by a botched drug.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I agree - executions shouldn't be neat or clinical. Firing squad is quicker than botched lethal injection and doesn't try to sanitize death. Particularly with the state of lethal injection now, I'd much prefer to die by firing squad.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Why would you think they would deserve to suffer?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
There are a multitude of reasons. I've been reading on this for a little bit now so I don't just pull these opinions out of thin air. One could say that in doing these heinous actions and depriving another of their right to life without suffering they have also necessarily forfeited theirs, both in the sense of "an eye for an eye" and in their breaking of the social contract that affords them these rights in the first place. Another way to think of it would be that the suffering inflicted by the murderer on the victim and the victim's family should be mediated in any way possible and the most direct way to do this would be to assure the family that the murderer suffered in a similar way. These are the reasons I remember off the top of my head.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
   Another way to think of it would be that the suffering inflicted by the murderer on the victim and the victim's family should be mediated in any way possibleOkay, but like I said in my reply to your OP making a perpetrator suffer does not actually mitigate the suffering they already inflicted on their victims. That is a fantasy. You're advocating hurting people to prop up an immature fantasy where two wrongs somehow make a right, instead of facing the harsh truth that no matter how much we may want to make up for bad events in the past you can't actually undo past suffering by causing more of it.You take an eye for an eye and you're left with two people missing an eye instead of one. You haven't solved anything, you've just made something worse and **pretended** doing so made something better.Fortunately the criminal justice system isn't entirely mired in that kind of immature, blood-thirsty fantasy.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Woah, Uof2, I'm sensing a bit of hostility in your language here. I would have to ask that you tone it down a bit with the derogatory descriptions.I understand the logic of your viewpoint, but the implication would be that, even in a natural state, one could scratch the eyes out of another's head, salt the wounds, then burn him/her at the stake on a whim and yet it would still be impossible to justify anything more than quick and painless death for the killer. More than that, it would require that the correct action to take in response to any injustice would be to just turn the other cheek, since no action can undo the past and punishment only increases total suffering.I'm afraid that I still cannot buy into that way of thinking. Your desire to see less suffering is noble however, and I wish I could see it your way.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I wasn't intending to come across as hostile. I chose those words for their specific meanings, not as general insults towards you. I think any viewpoint on punishment which relies on imaginary "scales of justice" that demand to be balanced is immature, because to me being a mature adult means facing the way the world really works rather than hiding from harsh reality by constructing more comfortable fantasies. Thinking that we can mitigate unjust suffering by causing supposedly just suffering in response may have a certain romantic poetry to it in theory, but in reality its just causing more needless suffering than necessary.  More than that, it would require that the correct action to take in response to any injustice would be to just turn the other cheek, since no action can undo the past and punishment only increases total suffering.Not really. I said in my first reply to you that I can see the practical uses of punishment to serve greater purposes, such as keeping order or deterring potential criminals. I just don't think it has any intrinsic value in and of itself.  I'm afraid that I still cannot buy into that way of thinking. Your desire to see less suffering is noble however, and I wish I could see it your way.To get to where I am from where you're at now just start asking yourself where your ideas of justice touch ground with the world that we actually live in.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I would have to ask you then what your idea of justice is. My idea of justice pretty much comes from the idea that those who do bad are punished in a manner fitting the crime and those who do good are looked after in their dealings. Such a definition would allow me to say that torture of a heinous killer is justified if his crime warrants it, especially if said torture also grants the victim's family the peace of mind that he is being adequately punished for his crimes.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Why so they deserve to suffer? What happens when they are in fact innocent? 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Well, they would deserve to suffer because of the actions they committed that went so much beyond causing a peaceful death to another person. I also admitted in #2 above that the uncertainty around most trials would keep me from actually supporting it in policy, so I supplied the hypothetical remorseless and admitted killer, one whose murders were so heinous as to warrant a possibility of deserving more than a peaceful death. It will likely never happen in real life, but it was meant as a mere thought exercise.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
So you're saying if they suffer when they're being executed, that's okay? Because you believe they "deserve to suffer"? From an ethical standpoint, those are largely the same thing as engaging in torture.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Yes, it is. I've responded earlier to someone else in the thread that, although it sounds evil, I'd be lying to myself if I said the thought of waterboarding a serial killer who drowned 5 people filled me with disgust. Truth is he did a terrible thing far worse than letting his victims quietly pass, and you'd get no argument from me if it just so happened his death was equally as unpleasant as his victims.EDIT: Spelling	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Why cannot it exist for retribution? You seem to take for granted that it doesn't.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
My view on why capital punishment is wrong in all cases comes from the way I was raised. If someone steals from me and then I steal from them in response, the result is two people who did something wrong. My theft from them didn't somehow fix the initial problem, it just made a bigger one. In the case of theft, something can be done to remedy the situation and actions can be taken to make sure neither wants to steal from another person again. In the case of murder, there isn't much that can be done to remedy the situation, but things can be done to make a criminal never want to murder again. If someone murders someone and the state murders that person on the behalf of the victim, then no one is happy. One side might feel vindicated, but they aren't happy with the situation as a whole, and nothing good came from it when some level of good could have. The murderer could have been rehabilitated and re-entered society as a reformed, productive member. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
The discussion is not about whether capital punishment is a good idea or not, it is about whether once we have decided to do it, we should care about the suffering of the prisoner. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
You can perceive that it does (and for many victims, it does), but that is not its intended purpose.Imagine if it did exist for retribution: wouldn't there be many more executions and harsher punishments? So I'm not assuming it, it very clearly does not.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
What purpose does retribution serve?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Atonement? Ensuring that the punishment is fitting to the crime?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I mean, what purpose does retribution serve *for society*? What exactly does it accomplish? Does causing pain and torture to criminals somehow make the lives of other people better? Would adding pain and torture to criminal sentences improve anything? If so - then what?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
If, as a criminal, you knew that not only could you get the death penalty, but there was a good chance it would involve what you call an hour or two of suffering, wouldn't you rather just try to shoot your way out of an arrest? Then, you might take some cops with you, and have a good chance of dying pretty quickly with relatively less suffering.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
This is admittedly a different approach, more concerned with practicality than morality or legality. Your ideas have merit, I can see how it would also be necessary to have an "impersonal" approach in this way. &amp;#8710;	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/MageZero. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/MageZero)]^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][[Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeltaBot/)]	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Probably the most practical response.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I am using your comment to jump off. First I address you, then move to address this generally.I see things the other way. These botched executions are rare enough that you wouldn't expect or fear it for yourself, making it a poor deterrent to crime. And with the distance of a decade of jail between you and the chair, the promise of two painful hours is not what you're thinking about in a police standoff.The purposes of legal punishment are usually described as rehabilitation, prevention by example, and separating criminals from others. In capital punishment, rehabilitation is abandoned. Torturing the condemned does not seperate them from people any more than they already are. The only difference is that people suffer more. Without deterrence, punishment is pointless. I am not concerned with giving people what they "deserve" because there is no reason to do so. Does smiting the wicked improve the lives of the good? That is not a better world. "Deserving" has no place in a better world.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
We live in a society grounded on ideals. These ideals include liberty, democracy and privacy. A big idea is that of justice, not vengeance. This is reflected in the eighth amendment to the constitution. We don't take revenge for good reason: a vengeful justice system has no moral authority. We are no better than mobs if we have a petty, violent justice system. I'm not quite sure how I stand on the death penalty, but if we have it, it must be humane and just.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I agree with you on this. As I said above I understand that no policy can exist to support my opinion on this matter, and it's for the better. What I can't understand is the moral outrage that seems to spark from these occurrences. If you're a constitutional scholar or an attorney, you're outrage would be justified; but to apparently be disgusted that a murderer should suffer even a fraction of what his victims did is a platform I cannot understand.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Its not really about the criminal. Its about what we stand for as a country and as a people. We're not the kind of society that sets people on fire in the name of justice. The constitution and the ideas behind are not just for scholars and academics, its for the people who live here. The outrage over such botched inhumane executions comes the same place as outrage over warrantless wiretapping or searches, even if its of people who are almost certainly criminals. Its the outrage not just of an individual but of a whole country.  	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I admit my hypothetical was a bit broken, I can see where the outrage comes from in that case; and it IS justified in that sense. My true aim was to go against those who see something ethically and morally wrong with the suffering incurred in these botched injections. Anyone would be justified in protesting the government giving punishment that it's bound from giving, the same can't be said, in my opinion, for those who have inflicted much pain and suffering receiving some in return.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I think revenge is rarely a good thing to do, not just morally, but for the sake of the person taking revenge as well. However if say, some father had his kid murdered by someone, and he hunted down the murderer himself and took revenge in a painful way (i.e. a private citizen doing what the you advocate the government tacitly doing), people wouldn't be nearly as outraged. The fact that the government acting as an agent of society takes brutal revenge is the problem. The government isn't arbitrarily "bound" from doing such a thing. We have decided for the last few hundred years that its not a great thing to do. Its more than a simple government violation, its a regression for all of us. An eye for an eye is outdated. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
So I would have to ask you, legality set aside since I am really focused on the ethical implications  of the issue. Is there any moral difference between the government acting on this maxim and a father whose son was murdered? Are the limits of just punishment relative to who is the one dealing it out?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Yes there are. The government represents the people, not just the victims of crimes. The fathers vengeful actions could be understood by his human frailty and passion. We, acting through the government, have to be above it or we are no better than mob violence. I would say vigilante vengeful punishment can never be just, only forgiven. A legal vengeful punishment can never be just or forgiven. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
So you want to live in a society with a justice system more like the Middle Ages? 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
No, I would be totally uncool with burning witches at the stake, and a jury of ones peers is a great thing to have. I'm afraid I'd have to ask you to elaborate further though, what part of Middle Age justice do you see in my viewpoint?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
So whole wanting to see them suffer aspect. Seems very Middle Ages to me, say you want to bring back the various methods of torture used back then?  	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
No, that's not my point. My point was that when an execution is botched and an admitted murderer- say, one who raped and buried alive his victim(s) and then mocked the families at trial- suffers for an hour or two before passing I see no cause for outrage on behalf of his painful death. If the way you killed an innocent person is at that point still more horrifying and painful than what you suffered, I personally wouldn't raise a finger against it.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I think your answer comes down to a simple premise: we as a society have decided that, as a rule, causing others to suffer is a Very Bad Thing(tm) and is therefore not acceptable.  That's not to say we always live by that rule of course, you can point out any number of exceptions, but that doesn't change the principle.You may be thinking that's not true, that's not a principle we live by... but let me point out that if you agree crimes are wrong, which you implicitly are saying when you say you support capital punishment, then you are agreeing with the premise because crimes for which capital punishment comes into play by their nature are based on causing the suffering of others.  It may not be long-lasting suffering for the individual (a gunshot to the head typically for example) but in most cases it causes long-lasting suffering to SOMEBODY, be it family, friends or just the innocent bystander that discovered the body- that's a pretty terrifying thing I imagine!Put another way: if you believe it's okay to cause suffering when punishing someone for an action you deem unacceptable, why is it that you deem the action unacceptable in the first place?  It's just suffering in either case, right?  Why is one form of suffering acceptable while another is not?  You can point to one and say it's "justified" because it's suffering in payment for an act that caused suffering, but that makes the whole thing entirely arbitrary... some actions that cause suffering are okay while others are not... who gets to decide?One other reason I'll toss in is simply that it does no good whatsoever.  We all kind of romantically think that if we punish someone in an eye-for-an-eye kind of way that we'll somehow feel better about things.  However, if you do just a little bit of research you quickly will reach the conclusion that to those affected by the original crime, they get no real satisfaction in seeing the offender suffer.  And it makes sense that it would be that way: if your daughter is raped and murdered, and you see the bastard that did it raped and murdered, you may well feel a little twinge of happiness at first, but then (a) you quickly remember that your daughter is STILL dead and STILL suffered the rape, and (b) that now you actually feel a little bit disgusted with yourself because you felt joy about the suffering of someone else, even someone that "deserved it".  MOST people aren't wired that way thankfully... MOST people don't take pleasure in the suffering of others, even if they intellectually think the person deserves it, so there's simply no point in eye-for-an-eye punishment and in fact it can be very counterproductive in terms of people getting over the trauma they suffered.I don't think anything is actually gained by causing additional suffering for criminals no matter how heinous the crime.  Their removal from society, either through imprisonment or death, so they cannot repeat their offense, is all that's required.  Anything more and you have to start asking if the original offense was really bad in the first place and dealing with the unintended consequence of going against the basic principle of not causing suffering and the basic wiring of the psyche of MOST people in adhering to that principle.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
&amp;#8710;Very good post, a lot of valid points in there and, I must say, I found it very convincing.After collecting my thoughts and re-reading your arguments I would counter that the decision for what slight is admissible and which isn't wouldn't necessarily be arbitrary but very complicated, which isn't much better. I can see the symptoms of hypocrisy in my statement although I would assert that it follows the lines set out by both Kantian and Utilitarian thought.The only argument I would go against truly is that families wouldn't fair any better with the knowledge of suffering inflicted on the perpetrator. I think they would, but more in a way that eases their pain rather than actually brings them joy. I'll grant that I've never been too close to a murder in the family before, but I have to imagine the only thing worse than looking into the eye of the man who killed a relative would be looking into his eye and knowing he won't see even a fraction of the suffering he brought on my family. THAT would be worse for me.Overall, though, thank you for your thoughtful reply. It may not have fully convinced, but yours was the most persuasive by far and I can see now how I can be thought of ass the asshole in this situation.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/fzammetti. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/fzammetti)]^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][[Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeltaBot/)]	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
What would be the point, though? Hurting someone doesn't mitigate or help to heal the suffering that they've caused in the past, it just compounds that suffering by causing even more suffering. Two instances of suffering can't actually cancel or balance each other out. You might be tempted to invoke the "scales of justice" metaphor, but what you're proposing is only adding more weight to the side of the scale that represents the sum of awful shit people go through. Because even unapologetic killers, rapists, whatever are still people.I support criminal justice only to keep criminals from doing more harm, and to deter other potential criminals. Beyond that punishment has no instrinsic value in and of itself outside of immature, blood-thirsty imaginations.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I can see your point. I don't agree with it, but I can understand your meaning. I would still argue though that pain inflicted on the perpetrator has the ability to lessen the pain of the victims family. After all the only thing worse than knowing your brother's killer would be knowing that he wasn't properly punished. If X amount of suffering inflicted on the killer could decrease the suffering on the family by X+1, then it should be done. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Well the issue of the victim's family is a little different, and I do have to admit its less clear cut. I have a hard time accepting that idea as real, meaning I have no reason to believe that solution would actually help the family at all, but I can't unilaterally declare that it would not. What I can confidently say is that hurting a perpetrator can't actually undo or make up for the past suffering they caused their victim. Of course, hypothetically they could just pretend to torture the criminal without actually doing it. Without getting bogged down in the messy logistics involved, what would you think of that solution?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
An interesting idea, to be sure. I suppose that for as long as I don't see a problem with the actual torture I cannot really go against pretend torture. I feel though, that I may have come off as wanting this to be the default- that murderers be tortured to match their crimes. That's not what I meant. What I really meant to say was that in situations where suffering is inadvertently inflicted on the killer I see no real reason to complain. Does that seem more palatable to you?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
It's more palatable, yes, but still a shame. Suffering is unfortunate, and the ideal to me is to have as little of it in our lives as we can manage. No matter who its happening to.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I can agree to disagree on that. You're ideas have merit, I just like mine better. Thank you for the discussion and have a &amp;#8710; for your good points.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/Uof2. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/Uof2)]^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][[Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeltaBot/)]	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
 I find nothing ethically wrong with subjecting a condemned man to some measure of suffering before his death. 10 mins before death? A day before death? A year? Ethically, I see no real difference between this and torture. The fact that the individual is about to die soon does not give you carte blanche to torture him/her. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I see no difference either, though I should clarify that, in my opinion, suffering or manner of death should not inflict more suffering than was inflicted by the killer. It seems evil as I type this, and maybe that lends credence to me changing my view, but waterboarding a man who un-apologetically admitted to drowning 5 people wouldn't warrant an outrage to me.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
  though I should clarify that, in my opinion, suffering or manner of death should not inflict more suffering than was inflicted by the killer.Why? 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Well, if the hypothetical quanta of suffering incurred by the murderer exceeded what he inflicted on the victim and the victim's family, then it would be immoral in the same way it would be to pull a gun on someone who flicked you the bird. The pain suffered may only be justifiable up to an "equal trade of pains" so to speak.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Who is to say what pain equals what pain?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Alright, so your view is a sort of eye for an eye, retributive justice viewpoint. The common argument against retributive justice is that it's backwards looking. The punishment is guided by a past crime and is designed to atone for damage already committed. The other way to look at punishments is for them to be forward looking (more utilitarian). As such, punishments are guided by the social good they might achieve in the future.  I don't think torturing criminals achieves much social good. It doesn't do anything to really deter serious crime, it doesn't rehabilitate the criminals, and it doesn't give us more security. It does send out the dangerous message that we as a society are fine with torture, so long as the people are 'bad' enough. There would be no more moral high ground to take against countries that torture their enemies. The victims of the crime may feel a slight jolt of happiness upon seeing the punishment but it would be incredibly short lived. I'm sure many would feel disgusted that they felt happiness in the suffering of others. Some, like me, would feel no happiness at all. From the more utilitarian side of the justice debate, I don't quite see the benefits of it. If you aren't ethically against torture for tortures sake, maybe you are against unnecessary torture? 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
What about the family of the person being killed? What about the matter that it doesn't make any practical difference except for the person thats getting killed. And since that person's going to be dead anyway, doesn't make any difference at all, unless if the people watching get some sick pleasure out of it.What about if you convicted an innocent man to death, and now, not only did you incorrectly sentenced him to death, you also think you should risk adding torture to it?Edit: Clarity.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Firstly, to address the innocent man dilemma, I did admit that because of this uncertainty I would never expect or support actual policy supporting my viewpoint. To remedy this, I offered a hypothetical admitted and remorseless killer to serve as the "ideal situation".As for your first claim, I would argue that the emotions of the victim's family should take the ever so slight 1st priority in terms of importance. Because of this, if it is believed that a certain degree of suffering inflicted on the perpetrator will give the family a similar reprieve from their own suffering then it should be done. The emotions of the victim's family would also play into this hypothetical sum of suffering on both sides, but I would also grant that in a realistic scenario the family of a remorseless and heinous killer could be expected to be somewhat detached from their relative. Also, I would hardly call such experience by the family a sick pleasure. It's normal in my opinion to take some solace in knowing that those who have wronged will receive theirs in turn. Maybe it would be sick to watch and smile, but to let the assurance ease your suffering, not as much. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
My main point is we don't do it for them, they're going to be dead, we do it for the ones that stay alive (i.e. us).Empathy is a main piece of our psycology, and most of our ethics (if not all) relates to it somehow.In the case of the death penalty anything beyond the pragmatic result is a deviation from our sense of empathy, and therefore should be avoided. Basically a deviation from empathy = a deviation from good ethics.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I'm sorry, I'm not sure I understand your point in relation to what was said earlier, but then again it is getting late. As far as the ethics argument, Kantian thought actually stresses a lack of empathy and more on reason and pragmatism, though a great deal of other theories do use empathy. It's just one that would allow such treatment.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Personally, my objection to the death penalty and cruel executions in particular is pretty simple:  We're supposed to be better than they are.  I think it's exceptionally hypocritical to condemn somebody for violent crimes while you operate a facility built for the purpose of torturing people to death.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Another good rebuttal to my position. I have to say I hadn't considered this line of thinking before, but it is compelling. My only argument against it would be that ones right to life is afforded by the social contract and when one decides to murder another, that contract is nullified. In effect, murderers, in doing the deed, give consent to have the same thing done to them.EDIT: Also, have a &amp;#8710;	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I definitely see what you mean.  And to be honest, I don't necessarily disagree that the worst of the worst "deserve" some suffering.  But I don't want to be responsible for it and I can't condone it being done on my behalf by the government.  	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/chudsosoft. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/chudsosoft)]^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][[Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeltaBot/)]	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
One scary thing about the botched executions is that something as serious and as heavily regulated as human executions should *NOT* be getting botched so frequently.  That, in my opinion, demonstrates a major flaw in the process.  I'm personally against execution in any form and I don't believe there are any justifications for torture, but I'm just baffled that we're still using an execution method that doesn't even seem to work properly in a significant number of cases.  Surely, there are other ways to kill people that don't present an unreasonable risk of suffering. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I would agree with you on disagreeing with the method since, even though I don't see a problem with pain on the especially heinous and certain murderers, it risks inflicting pain on those who would otherwise not be deserving of such punishment.Could you perhaps explain why your opposed to execution in general? Even in the hypothetical remorseless killer example I proposed.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Capital punishment is never humane. It always involves taking the life of an individual.That said, let's say that capital punishment is not enough: you want them to suffer. This necessitates that some individual or group of individuals is in charge of making them suffer. Basically, squads of torture specialists. Even if we assume that the offender deserves to be tortured, we have to keep in mind the the effect that training professional squads of torturers is going to have on the individuals themselves who take that form of employment. Extreme violence, not only being subjected to it but also participating in it, causes structural changes in the brain. It has similar effects to abuse, is associated with PTSD, can predict future bouts of violence, including domestic violence, etc.Long story short, let's remove the criminal or suspect from the picture. We probably don't want to train professional torturers if only for the fact that it is going to be bad for them and bad for society at large (when they are unable to cope with what they did, when they act aggressively toward others, when they have mental breakdowns).	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Although I started this thread with the purpose of debating the moral and ethical merits of such suffering incurred pre-execution, I'm surprised by the number of good points made outside of the legal reasons that I anticipated. Have a &amp;#8710; for bringing up a good point in another facet of the issue that I had not anticipated.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/DioSoze. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/DioSoze)]^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][[Subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/DeltaBot/)]	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
We've executed innocent people by mistake in the past.  We've also executed people for things we think are mundane by today's standards. Even today there's a huge racial bias in the execution counts for the same crime, indicating our justice system isn't as fair as we'd like it to be.  Why not err on the side of keeping things humane, just in case?  A criminal who died easily is still gone.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
So in your second point, you state:  The uncertainty surrounding most court trials would be enough to keep me from supporting any actual policy for this.But at the beginning, you state:  I find the outcry sparked from the botched executions of rapists and murderers to be somewhat ridiculous. I find nothing ethically wrong with subjecting a condemned man to some measure of suffering before his death.In other words, you concede that the system is imperfect and that there is no "ideal situation" in the real world, and then criticize people for not supporting it when it happens.  Do you think those botched executions occurred in some fantasy land where the justice system *is* perfect?  You also seem to be actively advocating for it in the second quote, so that goes double.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Just because they gave in to their inner animal, it is no reason for us to give in to ours.  	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I never understood why hangings and beheading's became "cruel" what made society suddenly condemn a manner of death that had been used for centuries. They're so cheap and quick.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I once read an article called "The Morality of Anger" by a professor named Walter Berns. In the article, he points out that anger is the sensation of injustice; that is, that we feel angry specifically because we feel that some wrong has been done. It's the way we feel about violent criminals given the terrible things they do.But the limit of righteous anger is identifying its subject--that is, knowing that you are angry at someone and understanding that it's because they did something unjust. The feeling itself does not justify any response, much less a violent response, much less a cruelly violent response. I think you're conflating strong feelings about bad people with a justification for inflicting pain upon them. Again, you are right to be angry with them, because they have done wrong, but if you are cruel to someone during their punishment, it's ultimately just because you *felt like doing it*, not because it was the right thing to do. And here's the tricky part: being cruel to someone during their punishment or execution might be perfectly "fair." In a tit-for-tat way, at least. You inflicted pain upon the world, and in turn you deserve to have it inflicted upon you. Makes sense. But there are two problems with this way of thinking:1. Who is responsible for inflicting pain upon this person who "deserves it?" The "state" or the "government" doesn't execute felons--an executioner does. And that's not exactly a happy job for a well-rounded citizen.2. Is "fairness" really the ultimate standard for punishing criminals? That is, is the ultimate point of it *really* just to dish back to them what they did wrong? In an ideal society, rehabilitation (or removal in extreme cases) would seem the ultimate goal. Or at least reducing recidivism. Because ultimately, I don't care if he "got his" in jail or on the executioner's table; I just want him not to do it again. I don't see a place for inflicting unnecessary pain, whether it's "fair" or not.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Punishment of crimes exists for three main reasons. To disincentives people from committing crimes, disincentive criminals from repeating crimes, and keep criminals away from society where they can cause harm.It is **not** to "give people what they deserve", so to speak. It is counterintuitive to torture people as vengeance for committing a heinous crime; it's like fighting fire with fire. Inhumanity of capital punishment serves no purpose and only inflicts unnecessary harm. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
The biggest thing for me, is that as a tax payer, I am paying for this system.  Even if I don't agree with it, I am part of making it happen.  People are outraged because what literally just happened is someone used (a small amount of) their money to torture someone they have never met.  The court tells us the prisoner deserved it but that is never good enough.  We have decided as a society that torture is worse than killing, and it is hard enough for many people to come to terms with their money being used to kill prisoners they have never met.  It is much harder to deal with the knowledge that they helped torture people they have never met.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Even something as extreme as the death penalty requires some basic level of incentive for compliance. If you're a criminal facing the prospect of inhumane execution, what reason do you have to let the police take you alive? Execution shouldn't inspire such fear that dying in a shoot-out seems like the better option.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I don't think we should be torturing people to death for multiple reasons - most of which have already been covered by other posters.  Mostly because : what's the point?  I think a better approach would be to put in an "express lane."  If a crime is heinous enough, and the evidence strong enough, we shouldn't waste time housing them for 10 years before going through the motions.For example, remember that guy from Ohio that kidnapped, imprisoned, and constantly raped several young girls for years?  In his case, the evidence against him is incontrovertible.  And his crime is bad enough in my opinion to warrant the death penalty.  In his case, I say we should put him down and be done with it.  No imprisoning him for 10 years while we give him appeals.  No healthcare courtesy of the taxpayer.  Just take him out and put a bullet in him.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Who's going to be the one to torture them? The executioner has no relation to the wronged party, no particular reason to hate the one being punished; would they really want to inflict pain on the person before they die? Is it fair to ask that of them? I don't think I could torture a person, even if I knew they were an a complete monster; I imagine most executioners are the same way, just trying to survive their day job.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I just don't agree with revenge in general. Why cause pain? If we define morality as trying to increase net happiness, how is causing unnecessary pain justified? Otherwise, how would you define morality?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I think this guy sums up my position: http://thiswillmakeyoudrunk.blogspot.com/	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I think one of the biggest problems with capital punishment is we try to hide it, and then wonder why it isn't a deterrent. Kill them on the town square, and show people what happens to murderers.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
 I am not suggesting torture, but maybe life in solitary confinement.Which is a form of torture.There shouldn't be a form of punishment that makes reintegration into society impossible (which the psychological effects of torture would do) because even if there's no belief that the person can be rehabilitated, there's always a possibility that evidence may prove a convicted person was actually innocent.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
True. I didn't think about the possibility of emergence of evidence that may prove a prisoners innocence ∆	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/MrCapitalismWildRide.[^MrCapitalismWildRide's ^delta ^history](/r/ChangeMyView/wiki/user/mrcapitalismwildride) ^| [^delta ^system ^explained](/r/ChangeMyView/wiki/DeltaBot)	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Why is punishing the perpetrator so important?  Why not simply remove them from the world and be done with it?  Is it not better to put the matter behind us than to dwell on it?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Because people in general are vengeful and want revenge. Putting people under the axe is a way of doing it, it just sucks. I know I would want vengeance if someone came into my house and killed my family or whatever evil shit people can imagine, doesn't make it right though.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
So the fact that some people want it makes it right?  We're not going to acknowledge the fact that the people who are most closely connected to a crime are the least qualified to be impartial?  You just sound like you've got a justice boner and have no intention of actually using the justice system to solve society's problems.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Reread what I said mate, I said "doesn't make it right though". I said in no way that I condone it, I don't want the death penalty, I don't want the government to be able to kill its citizens. Please read it more closely next time.  So now to be sure I'm just gonna repeat myself.  People become really irrational when hurt, so if you start putting them in a position of power (ie when they have a big say in a court case about a murder of their relative/friend) they will choose the vindictive and vengeful path. They will want them killed because that is what they did to their loved one.  If you ask me people who are for the death penalty are more or less hypocrites, or just don't fear a government with a lot of power. When the government get too much power, all it takes is one crazy person with good speaker skills to wreck havoc across the entire country.  Now I have made my opinion as clear as possible. If you misunderstand it again it is your incompetence. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Okay, I did definitely just glaze over that last clause, sorry about that.  Since you seem to be treating the desire for vengeance of a sort as an irrational part of being human (which I agree with), I don't understand how it was an answer to the question that I posed to OP, which was why punishment itself is so important.  Our legal system is not meant to reflect the desires of the people.  In fact, it's meant specifically to step in when those desires are unjust, including the desire to unjustly punish.  Saying that punishment is important because people want it simply doesn't make sense in a legal context.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I live in Denmark where the priority is rehabilitation instead of punishment.  But in America I think that crime is based around, and the laws about crime are based around massmurderers, it's a big country, with many criminals so the amount of mass murderers is big as well. So the media will focus in on these tradegies, like Columbine, Sandy Hook, and whatever mass murder there have been made. That puts it out of perspective and then people will think that the death penalty is needed, because they think that they have so many dangerous people. It gets blown out of proportion and it fucks it all up.  Now with the death penalty there is 1 good thing about it. It kills the criminal and they can no longer directly hurt people. The bad things it does however far outweighs it. It doesn't really help to kill the person because the idealogy and thought process often stay in the country, and then some weak-minded person sees it and agrees, which might (emphasis on the might) create another killer.  With the death penalty you can risk killing an innocent person (which is a quite big thing in the States with overzealous prosecuters just wanting to get a promotion), which in my opinion makes every pro-deathpenalty fella a murderer (indirectly).  It's a hard subject to discuss and to fix because it is complicated. Do you focus on the family of the victim? Or do you try as much as possible to fix the criminals, because let's face it, most criminals are just people in trouble (mental trouble as in being raised by them, or pushed into the trouble with being extremely poor).  I think that rehabilitation works best in general, but I don't think that rehabilitation works on people like Jeffret Dahmer, Wayne Gacy, Charles Manson, and very intelligent killers.  It's better to base your judicial system around the mayority of crime and not the rare massmurder committed by a psycho with a messed up world view.  Sorry for being harsh before, I'm a blunt person and when people misunderstand me I make myself as clear as possible, and many times also very condescending. Apologies for that.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Okay, so your motivation seems to be keeping the criminals out of society.  Are you aware that a life sentence is cheaper than going for the death penalty in America?  There's zero convenience in executing people.Moreover, you're somehow mixing media frenzy with the legal system.  Laws in the US are not designed around mass murderers.  That's why it can be so difficult to try them, why we don't have a routine way of dealing with them.  Our criminal justice system is based around the small crimes - the drug deals, the robberies, the speeding tickets - for better of for worse.  Simply put, the core of the system is where it's smoothest.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
My motivation is to keep the least amount of people criminal. If you can help a criminal and turn him into an upstanding citizen then it should be done.  Also you're right on the keeping people in prison the rest of their life. My mind just went to the whole bust people out of prison thing, which is more or less a myth/hollywood idea. I am very much against death penalty and there is no reason to keep it up unless you have another motive than just killing the bad guys.  But if the American criminal justice system is based around the small crimes, why is the verdicts and the sentences so harsh when it's drug use? A pothead could easily get 2 years in prison for smoking a doobie, or even carrying it. It is a victimless crime (smoking it, not dealing it) and should not get more than a year, or a couple of months. Of course this is just my opinion, people can justify just about any verdict duration and a couple of months for drugs should be the duration in my opinion (not marijuana I am pro pot, but I am just using this as an example). With the verdicts being so high for relatively small crimes you can't say that it's based around small crimes, unless you agree that it's way too fucked up to be the global norm. When you look at other country and their justice system you don't see the same kind of verdicts, people get judged (longer sentences) in America than basicly the rest of the civilized world (with a few exceptions here and there).  A long sentence should be done to keep a person out of society and to help them back on the right path if possible. That just isn't the case in America.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
What makes you think that harsher punishments act as deterrents for crime? When a person commits a crime they aren't thinking about the potential punishment because they aren't expecting to get caught, so making punishments harsher on criminals who commit heinous crimes doesn't do anything to deter people from committing these crimes. Instead of making punishments harsher for criminals, we should be doing more to rehabilitate them so when they do get out of prison they don't commit more crimes.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I'm talking about people who don't deserve rehabilitation.  Serial killers and terrorists in my opinion deserve sub-human punishment because they are sub-human	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Why? Punishing them more isn't going to erase what they did and it isn't going to deter people from committing these crimes in the future. What does increasing the punishment for these types of people accomplish?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
True.  What is my idea trying to accomplish?  Besides some twisted satisfaction, I do not know.  ∆	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/man2010.[^man2010's ^delta ^history](/r/ChangeMyView/wiki/user/man2010) ^| [^delta ^system ^explained](/r/ChangeMyView/wiki/DeltaBot)	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I'd like to see this question answered.What is the purpose of punishment, exactly? Is it revenge &amp; vengeance? Because if it is... then I'd say that's completely unacceptable - our justice system shouldn't be based on irrational human emotions. "Punishment" should serve a rational and meaningful purpose.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I don't think our justice system should be based on punishment, it should be based on rehabilitation.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
That's why I put it in quotes."Punishment" for crimes should focus on 1) segregation, 2) rehabilitation, 3) restitution. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
That's the wrong approach. Revenge doesn't do anything for anyone. It doesn't even make the victims feel better in the long run. The best thing to do with something as senseless as a murder is to use it to bring about a positive change.Therefore, the only purpose of any sort of legal punishment should be to either deter or rehabilitate.You make a point on the deterring side of things. The death penalty may seem like an inconsequential threat for someone who is suicidal, and thus not act like a deterrent for some people. However, considering how unpleasant our prison system is for most inmates, life in prison may be a more effective punishment in some cases. Also, a judge would likely be able to tell when someone clearly wants the death penalty, so suicide by jury wouldn't really be much of an option.There is no good reason to lock someone up alone for their entire life. If not for the extreme cruelty of that punishment, then for the fact that their suffering will be invisible to most and thus will not act as a deterrent.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
who delivers the punishment to degrade them into this sub-human physical and psychological condition?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
^This. Part of having a justice system that dehumanizes people is that you have to employ people to do that dehumanizing work (torturers, prison guards, executioners). From my perspective, that's a pretty shitty thing to ask someone to do. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
The harshness of punishment has very little (and possibly counterproductive) effect on the crime rate. Places that abolish the death penalty don't see a rise in murders. This is because people considering committing (serious) crimes generally aren't acting as rational agents; they aren't using a cost-benefit analysis or a risk matrix, they're just *angry*, or desperate, or fucked in the head. Using harsh punishment to deter these people is as realistic as offering a dog stock options in return for not attacking you. It's just irrelevant to their motives. *Some* degree of punishment has a deterrent effect, but you get diminishing returns way *below* the death-penalty level. So with deterrence out the window, all that's left is revenge - and fuck revenge. The whole thing about criminals is that we're meant to be *better than them*, especially when it comes to lashing out in anger. What actual good does the suffering of the condemned do anyone?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
To me, this reeks of emotional decision making and a desire for poetic justice. There isn't a lot of logic here.What are you aiming for? It's been shown on countless occasions, both rationally and morally, that punishment is a pointless goal - rationally because we're wasting resources on sadistic pleasure, and morally because we're sinking to their level. That leaves deterrence and rehabilitation.These are debates within themselves, but your suggestion doesn't really aid either. You've dismissed rehabilitation, I assume, since this is the final step, beyond the death penalty, what you reserve for the most heinous of crimes. This leaves deterrence - but, that opens up a whole new discussion. Can the people who commit these crimes ever be deterred? I'm sure their messed up personal incentives are far grander than "hmm, a life of torture sounds pretty crap".This kind of thinking is really dangerous when designing a judicial system. If we let moral outrage and an instilled desire for poetic justice govern us things are going to turn bad, very quickly. To be frank, it's barbaric.As an aside: Manslaughter is worthy of a life of torture? Really?!	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
There are many times when a lawyer will tell his client to plead guilty and then try to get a lesser sentence instead of no sentence at all. A famous example is Clarence Darrow's defense of Leopold and Loeb, two teenagers accused of kidnapping and murdering a small child. Darrow chose to plead guilty and successfully got life imprisonment for the boys instead of a hanging.You're saying that it would be much more cruel to subject criminals to life in prison than to death, but one of the boys mentioned above (can't remember which) was released several years after incarceration, no longer seen as a threat to society. He moved to some other country and lived a peaceful, normal life. Now ask yourself: what's crueler? Irrevocable, permanent death, or a chance at redemption, whether in the eyes of the court or God?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
  one of the boysnothing in this cmv is inconsistent with restricting his claims to adult criminals	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Cruelness scale:  3.  Life in prison2.  Death penalty1.  Life in solitary confinement I think life in prison provides opportunity for rehabilitation while Life in solitary confinement would be more of a permanent punishment for severe offenders. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Justice is not about punishment, and prisons serve as the only way of isolating dangerous individuals from the outside world. If possible, a criminal should be rehabilitated and reinstated into society, but some people are just too dangerous to be let outside so they get a life sentence.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
no. there are four reasons given for incarceration: incapacitate, rehab, deter and retribution. you're simply assuming your view that 1 2 or possibly 3 of these values are the only good ones is correct	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Well what is your criminal philosophy? Do you want justice or do you want to reduce crime. Often these two goals can play nice together but sometimes they are at odds. Answer this question. If you could be 100% sure that a person would not commit a crime again and no one would know if this person was punished or not so no precedent would be set, would you still want them punished?If you answered yes to that then I will never sway you. If you answered no I would recommend reading up on how effective punishments actually are at reducing crime. The truth is, not very. A king once made the penalty for smoking death, yet people still smoked ([source](http://freakonomics.com/2014/04/03/how-to-make-people-quit-smoking-full-transcript/)). If you really want to reduce crime there are better ways than hurting criminals.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Ultimately the goal is rehabilitation for most crimes.  I think some things are unforgivable such as terrorism.  	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Tell that to Mandela and the provisional IRA both of which were/are in government 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Why isn't life in prison (or even the death penalty) enough? I'm not quite clear on why you want more severe punishment. What would be the purpose of this, exactly?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Did Nelson Mandela deserve life in solitary confinement? Because there's no argument that he aided in terrorist attacks.  How about Indian revolutionaries during the struggle for India's independence? Do they deserve that?What about when the allies bombed Dresden, or Hiroshima, or Nagasaki? All of those attacks *specifically targeted civilians*. The fact is that "terrorist" tactics are nothing more than a tool used by those who have no other method of fighting. Some terrorist attacks are made by people who desire fascism and oppression like many of the modern Jihadist attacks.Some are committed by people desiring democracy and equality but have no other means to fight a vastly more powerful oppressor. My point is that there are no clear answers in life. No act is black or white. Even the obvious ones. Like murdering a child. Ok that is objectively horrible and deserves punishment right? What about 150,000 people? Because that's what Paul Tibbits did in a single moment when he dropped the Little Boy bomb in Japan. Nothing is clear.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
I think your whole notion of "penalties" is wrong.  It's based on the idea that there is a menu of wrong doing with prices paid in years of prison.  I'm not denying that this is actually how it works, but your view is based on the belief that this *should* be how it is.Another notion of the purpose of prison - I think the right one - is that you send criminals to prison to stop them committing more crimes... and that's it.  No punishment, no vengeance, no deterrent, just they're dangerous so let's lock them in a box where they can't be dangerous anymore, and let's keep them there until they're no longer a risk to the public.It seems strange that the state can inflict pain and suffering on people for no other reason than it's offended and angered by their actions and wants to get back at them.  People aren't allowed to behave this way, and the state has no authority that doesn't ultimately derive from it's people.  Of course, being in prison to protect the public might be painful to the prisoner, but that's just a side effect of containing the criminal.Moreover, if the state is expending any resources on making someone's penalty harsher in a way that isn't in aid of more efficiently keeping the public safe, then those are resources that could have protected someone from a crime, but didn't.  That's to say, if you can lock someone up for 5 years, and at the end of it they won't steal cars anymore, but the state decides to give them 10 years just to get our vengeance out, then we've locked up one thief when we could have locked up two.  We've had 5 extra years of car theft for the sake sticking it to someone.Conversely, what if 10 years is deemed too harsh for some car theft, but it turns out after 5 years in jail, the guy is still totally prone to steal cars?  We just housed a car thief for 5 years, and released him to commit his crime again because 5 years is what it said on the price list of wrongdoing next to "Stole a car".Then there's deterrence.  This seems like the weakest of all reasons to set someone's sentence.  Deterrence means giving Bob extra years in order to stop Dave doing crime X, where Dave is a non-specific hypothetical person who has no relationship to Bob, and crime X is an as yet uncommitted crime that may or may not happen in the future.  We're punishing people for things that someone else hasn't even done yet.  This seems like the height of injustice.So in summary, there's really no reason to rank sentences by harshness, since being harsh shouldn't be the goal of sentencing.  The goal of sentencing should be to mitigate the risk to people posed by criminals.  So the harshness of the death penalty shouldn't even be a question, therefore it's not true that it's not harsh enough, since there's no such thing.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
  If somebody is contemplating suicide, they may decide to commit a heinous crime instead with the death penalty.That's not really how it works... Do I need to say more? I am not suggesting torture, but maybe life in solitary confinementActually, prolonged solitary confinement is generally considered torture. I think they need to endure punishmentWhy?  What good does punishing them do?  If we think they will never be rehabilitated then we can kill them so we stop wasting resources on them, but why put extra effort into torturing someone when we could instead spend the money on education or health care or something? I think it may be a deterrent to commiting such crimes If there were a harsher penalty than death.Deterrents don't generally seem to work since criminals don't plan on getting caught.  And they generally aren't doing risk/reward calculations either. it maddens me that people can commit such inhumane crimes and simply get an injection that causes them death (which they probably don't mind dying anyway)So you're a fan of retributive justice?  What's the point of that, causing harm doesn't do any good and it normalizes harm.  Why are you going to kill a little bit of yourself to punish someone else?Also (and this is also an argument against the death penalty), we don't always get the right guys.  Any punishment you propose is pretty much guaranteed to be suffered by someone innocent at some point.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
  I think it may be a deterrent to commiting such crimes If there were a harsher penalty than death.i agree but you're not offering one. life is the alternative if you don't get death so it already acts as a deterrent. I think old school execution styles (drawn and quartered, fed to pigs, burned, crucified, etc.) could have a moderate deterrence value (though i think it's smaller than that) but we lack the political will and laws to allow it (and you don't want it)The problem is we just can't make things right from punishment and real attempts to do so (torture) just demean us as well and bring us down. a casual embrace of cruelty is dehumanizing which is why sometimes the best thing we can do is put a bullet in his head and send him away justice uncertified by anyone except god but also one that removes casual cruelty or unearned mercy from the grasp of the person who preverts the moral lawThus capital punishment here is the expression of the extreme alienation of an individual from real society (look at why Arendt thought Eichman had to die) and an expression of the futility of making wrongs fully whole. *it helps to believe in virtue ethics for this position	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
You suggest that someone wishing to commit suicide might just do something to get themselves the death penalty. I don't think you know how the system works on either end of that one. Suicidal people want out and they want out now. They tend to stay committed for a relatively low amount of time. Meaning that they are often depressed, they aren't usually constantly suicidal. That is why just talking them through it for an hour or so is usually enough to get them out of the heat of the moment "I am going to kill myself right now" mood. This is why most suicides are impulsive like taking pills you found in the cabinet or driving to a bridge and jumping. There are way faster and easier ways to do it than the death penalty. Now, on the legal side it takes way longer than you know to actually kill someone. Trials on crimes like murder take years. Then sentencing and a host of other things. So now the inmate is on death row. The long appeals process and waiting period comes. It takes over ten years in most cases to actually execute death row inmates which allows time for exonerations based on new evidence. So basically, it is impossible to really commit suicide by getting the death penalty. It isn't like they arrest you one day and the next you are getting the injection, it is a very complicated and long process.Also, on your actual question. You seem to be acting rather emotionally and acting like serial killers and people of that caliber have any type of respect for consequences and think like you. They have severe mental issues that prevent them from giving a fuck about what might happen to them and will pretty much be crazy regardless of the potential outcome. Plus, your suggestion almost certainly falls under cruel and unusual punishment, so good luck getting the constitution amended on that one.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
As far as I can tell, there's no evidence supporting the idea of cruel punishment as a better deterrent. Deterrence is not a simple or intuitive concept, so what common sense tells you ought to work doesn't matter.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
Let me ask you something, why do you want someone punished in this way? What is the goal? Is it to improve society as a whole or due to a belief that society should exact retribution against someone who has wrong others?You mention deterrence but it's long been noted by psychologists and sociologists that potential consequences are rarely considered when a person commits a crime. More than that punishment is a reactive rather than proactive response. Rather than seek punishment after the act is committed, why not focus resources on preventing the circumstances that cause crime? Which have been obviously known for a long time, ie poverty, alienation, lack of opportunity and lack of support systems.Ultimately one must decide, do I want a society that focuses on certain strict principles of righteousness and justice, even to the potential detriment to that society. Or do I want a society that focuses on making decisions only based on what will benefit all of us, even so far as to ignore what might otherwise be considered justice.Who does it help to punish someone like that? Whose life does it improve? Really the logic you use is that we need to do this specifically to make someone's life *worse* because they "deserve it".Well ok, maybe they do, but how does that help the rest of us? How does it improve our lives and our society? If it doesnt, then why bother doing it?	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
One action should not define the life of an entire person.Every person commits errors against other people, some are more severe than others. A man may commit premeditated murder and kill his cheating wife and her lover. He is convicted and arrested easily and sentenced to life in prison.He spends his time in prison reading various religious texts and comes to repent of his crimes. He begins to read and study driven to do something to benefit humanity even while he is in prison. He writes a book, contributes to a discovery, etc.The fact that someone makes a mistake should not condemn them forever. Not everyone is capable of redemption, some would argue that very few earnestly repent of their crimes and can be rehabilitated. What matters is that one in ten, one in a hundred, one in a thousand might. That is a human life that contributes to society and would otherwise be snuffed out of existence via death or whatever possible punishment you could conceive for them.Also, there is always the risk that an innocent person may be convicted and sentenced to whatever torment that can be conceived of that, by your own admission, is worse than death. 1,000 murderers could suffer the fate and it would not justify one innocent man suffering it.	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
  I think they need to endure punishment where they wish they were dead instead of actually being dead.This sounds like it could easily be considered cruel and unusual punishment, and would therefore be prohibited by the 8th amendment. 	In certain cases, capital punishment shouldnt have to be humane but more harsh
The glaring problem I see is that this would necessarily increase the number of wrongfully executed innocent people. [Here is a list](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_exonerated_death_row_inmates) of exonerated death row inmates from wikipedia.   In our hypothetical situation the person being disallowed of making an appeal or multiple appeals is 100% guilty.  The thing is, that is already supposed to be the standard for putting someone on death row.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
 Let us also assume that our hypothetical death row inmate is proven guilty beyond a shadow of a doubtThis is an unrealistic assumption. Are you suggesting there be two categories of death row inmates, those who did it and those who really really for sure 100% did it? How would the difference be determined? If your answer is using the judical system, that wouldn't work because the judical system is only supposed to give someone a death sentence if they really really for sure 100% did it, but the fact that death row inmates have been found innocent at all shows that the system has faults, hence the necessity of an appeals process.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
  This is an unrealistic assumption. Are you suggesting there be two categories of death row inmates, those who did it and those who really really for sure 100% did it? How would the difference be determined?Maybe it doesn't have to be labeled like that. Maybe there can be separate classifications for if it was "decided" by the court through secondhand evidence, and then the "doubtless" would be that cops witnessed it with video evidence (a point in why I support all cops wearing cameras)	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
My point is the distinction would have to be made, and it would have to be made by the judiciary. Like /u/mrmanuke said in their [comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2dygof/cmvdeath_row_inmates_should_either_not_be_allowed/cjubj4j), the highest standard is the only thing that should get someone on death row, thus defeating the utility of having 2 types of death row inmates.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
What happens when our justice system gets it wrong and we start killing people who are found guilty without giving them a chance to appeal their case? Allowing the government to kill even one innocent person by denying them the ability to appeal their case is one too many.  In our hypothetical situation the person being disallowed of making an appeal or multiple appeals is 100% guilty. An example would be they were found holding the murder weapon standing over the victim covered in their blood laughing maniacly. So no evidence in the world can save them from execution.What if this person was standing over the victim covered in their blood because they tried to save the victim? What if they were holding the murder weapon to try to preserve it for the police? Laughing maniacally would be circumstantial evidence, but what if the person wasn't laughing maniacally but rather was laughing nervously as a result of someone dying in their arms? These are all questions that could cast doubt in the guilt of this hypothetical person and would thus be grounds for an appeal.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
TBH I just used that as an example. Ignore the whole covered in blood laughing thing OK? Let's just leave it at a person murdering someone and having a fair and just trial and being proven beyond a reasonable doubt that he is guilty of said murder and no evidence is going to pop up somehow miraculously declaring him innocent. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
The person could still be found innocent if they appealed, like what happens consistently. Your view is based on the idea that the judicial system gets it right 100% of the time, but the fact that we allow for people to appeal the verdicts of the judicial system and that these appeals reverse their original decisions on a regular basis shows that the system itself is imperfect in determining guilt. This means that denying those on death row the ability to appeal their convictions will ultimately result in the government executing more innocent people than it already has. Is that what you want? Would your view be different if you were the person being executed even though you're innocent and don't have the ability to appeal your conviction?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Meanwhile in the real world, we have no way of knowing if new evidence will pop up. Thus why we need the appeals process (and why the death penalty is a piss-poor idea, but that's irrelevant here). 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
The only way we can be certain that a trial was fair and executed appropriately is with the proper series of appeals. That what the appeals are for. To determine that everything is kosher. Without appeals we can never fully know that what happened at trail resulted in a fair and just outcome. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Let me start by saying I am NOT here to debate on whether or not the death penalty is justified. I'm here to debate my view concerning appeals and what happens after someone lands on death row. Let us also assume that our hypothetical death row inmate is proven guilty beyond a shadow of a doubt and is most definitely guilty of the crimes that have landed him on death row in the first place.You can't make this declaimer as this is not the real world today. That's like saying in world where there are no drunk driving accidents it should be legal to drink and drive:CMV.    There is most likely people on death row now who did not do the crime.   There have been people in the past who have been taken off of death row because they didn't do the crime. The appeal process is designed to assist people who have been a victim of a miscarriage of justice. That is its very important role. You can't just disclaimer that fact away. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
I know it isn't but I felt that making this a hypothetical prisoner in a hypothetical fantasy world that has a perfect justice system would make this argument go a lot faster and smoother. Wouldn't you agree? Can you at least grant me that simple assumption? Its not like other people who post in this thread don't include certain stipulations in their arguments so people don't get stuck arguing on the minutiae of the argument. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Sure it makes it simpler to argue, but we aren't talking about the situation as the real world presents that situation. We are talking about a false version of the situation that favors your position. In would be like saying, in a world were baseball umps are perfect all the time we shouldn't replace them with computers: CMV.  That's great and all, but I just created a fake world. Baseball umps make mistakes just like the legal system does.  You can't just disclaim that issue away. You can, but now we are just in a fantasy world of your creation and not the real world where judicial and legal mistakes happen and juries are prejudicial and where police get fake confessions and where those fake confessions convince juries to convict people. It would be nice to have those simply go away so the system can work. Maybe you can think like that, but I can't. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Id say that if we are going to allow for the death penalty, then we should also allow for as many appeals as is necessary to ensure that the process was fair, that all procedures were followed correctly, and also to allow for time should new evidence come forward.  Even your hypothetical killer deserves fair treatment under the law. If an attorney did something incorrectly which biased the court, or evidence was not admitted which may have altered the decision or sentence... all of these things have weight in the decisions.  Sometimes even things that the audience in the courtroom does has an impact on the fairness of the trial and is appeal-worthy.  Appeals are meant to ensure fairness, not just handle new evidence.  And when you are talking about ending someone's life, it's only right to do everything possible to be fair.The problem is really that the court system is too *slow*.  Something of which we are guaranteed by the Constitution, but are incapable of fixing in practicality.   Ironically, I would bet that some people have appealed their cases on the fact that they were not given a speedy trial.  	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
And another thing your argument seems to be implying (Correct me if I'm wrong) is that unless a convict's trial was without flaw or error on everyone involved's part, from the lawyer to the evidence itself to the judge and jury, he should be allowed to make as many appeals "as is necessary"? You do realize that even if you don't take my hypothetical situation in mind, a perfect trial doesn't really exist in the real world. The lawyers would use every means at their disposal to make as many appeals as possible based off of the slightest error or mistake and by doing this exploiting the various loopholes inherent in appeals. All the while knowing his client is guilty and at this point the appeals only serve to extend his life and save him from execution for a few more months or a year or more. The horrible part about this is that it is a tremendous waste of time effort and money and is a mockery of justice.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
 The lawyers would use every means at their disposal to make as many appeals as possible based off of the slightest error or mistake and by doing this exploiting the various loopholes inherent in appealsI would suggest that attorneys know that some things just wont stand up, and excessive filing of appeals is an expensive process which gains them little if it's just not going to work.  For death row inmates, they probably do file for every little thing.. if they are doing it for the sake of saving the guy's life.  But it shouldnt take 5 months to review the issue.  It should take an hour at best by a different court.You're right that some attorneys fight this simply because of the death penalty factor. Some consider it their moral obligation to do so.  And thats fine with me, so long as it doesnt take 16 months to review if the stain on the carpet tripped the defense attorney and caused him pain which resulted in him having a bad day and unable to question a key witness :/  	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
I absolutely agree with you on everything you said. A lawyer can use anything to file an appeal on his client's behalf no matter how insignificant or ridiculous. That is why the appeals system for death row inmates is vastly flawed and an overall waste. Why waste millions of dollars and years of time and effort when a simple $1 bullet and a few minutes will suffice.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
  Why waste millions of dollars and years of time and effort when a simple $1 bullet and a few minutes will suffice.Because human beings have rights. Arguments about efficiency aren't meaningful in the face of rights.We could also execute everyone accused of murder, immediately, with no trial. That would save billions in costs. Why not? For the same reason - people have rights, and these rights are sacrosanct.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
I don't believe there is such a thing as "as many appeals as necessary". There are limited appeals courts. At some point you have exhausted your options and are asking the Supreme Court to hear the case which they rarely do. At that point the appeals process ends. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Considering the average stay of a death row inmate now is about 15 years in prison I'm sure that you could file a lot of appeals if you were determined to and they have many times before	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Are you saying our killer who is absolutely guilty, all the evidence proves it, he was tried fairly and provided with a proper defense in court without a single mistake (However unlikely it's a hypothetical situation) should be allowed to waste millions of the taxpayers' money and years delaying his inevitable death? The whole point of my view is to provide an infinitely more efficient way of execution while costing little to nothing. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
That makes no sense. Are you saying our killer who is absolutely innocent, the evidence was unclear and some of it was falsified, he was tried unfairly and his lawyers screwed him over and made many mistakes *shouldn't* be allowed to use the taxpayer's money to *save his own life?* And if that person has that right, then so too does the definitely guilty person, otherwise there is no point to appealing. You can't make a rule like, "oh you can appeal only if you're really not guilty." How would that even work? Honestly yours is a good argument for just not having the death penalty period.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
No a good argument to make it a 1000 times more efficient. Also I can understand the need for 1 appeal, but anymore than that seems really ridiculous and wasteful. It should at least be limited to one appeal.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
What if someone is innocent, and immediately appeals and fails, then a year later, new evidence comes about that completely exonerates him. But, oh well, he already had his one appeal; guess he's gonna die an innocent man!	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
That is why I'm providing a hypothetical prisoner who isn't innocent, has been proven guilty, and no evidence will come to light a year later proving their innocence because their isn't any to prove. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
But that doesn't matter. If my hypothetical prisoner can (and I think he should) get more than one appeal, then everyone can. That's justice.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
How many appeals should he be allowed to have? Because the number of appeals allowed at this point seems really arbitrary and a vast waste of money and resources. Every time the prisoner doesn't get his way because his appeal failed he is just going to file as many as you let him until you decide to kill him once and for all. By that time millions of dollars are gone all for nothing. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
In a hypothetical world in which we can know he is guilty for certain and that no new evidence will be uncovered, sure skip the appeals. That never happens in the real world and it is an impossibility. We cannot predict the future. So your scenario is brick man (inverse of a straw man) in that you've created a scenario impervious to being knocked down but that isn't the problem we are debating. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
If you look at the list I posted in my top level comment, the most recent person appealed multiple times before being exonerated.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
He was exonerated because he was innocent while the prisoner I'm referring to is guilty and has been proven guilty and no amount of appeals in the world will change his fate. Does that clear things up a bit?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Your hypothetical situation of being 100% certain doesn't exist in the real world. In reality, a person must be proven guilty before being put on death row. Your proposed change would have no affect on who gets put on death row. It may save money, but it would also prevent innocent people from being removed from death row.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
OK lets say someone is proven guilty beyond the shadow of a reasonable doubt in a court, and they make their first appeal and it fails and their execution is scheduled soon, what then? Do we allow someone to make pointless wasteful appeal after appeal until they react an arbitrary number and we execute them? That's what I'm trying to prevent, anyone can see that our current appeals system for death row inmates is a joke and far from optimal. And that leads us back to the whole "1 appeal and if you fail you get a bullet in the head" argument?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Except the "killer" in the example you provided isn't absolutely guilty. This "killer" could have had blood all over him from trying to save the victim. He could have been holding the murder weapon to preserve it for the police to properly examine. Him laughing maniacally is circumstantial evidence, but he could have been laughing nervously instead because the victim just died in his arms.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
To be consider a fair trial, you have to have someone *else* confirm it.  That's the idea behind appeals.  Did the judge have the right to withhold evidence?  Did the jury selection bias the court against the black guy?  Did the (oh I dunno) accidental comment by the sequestered juror sway the opinion of the other jurors?Once everything has been hashed out and it has all been deemed fair, then sure - light him up.  But dont you think he deserves *at least* that much?  Again, the problem isnt the appeals - it's the speed at which everything goes.  10 years on death row is absurd.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Yes 10 years on death row is ridiculous. 5 years is ridiculous. Any amount of time longer than it would take to simply have someone put a bullet in the inmate's head or hang him or lethally inject is ridiculous, ESPECIALLY if they had their chance in court and were proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
 e longer than it would take to simply have someone put a bullet in the inmate's head or hang him or lethally inject is ridiculousSee this [link](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/innocence-list-those-freed-death-row).  You cant just go from "guilty" to the chair.  Too many cases have been overturned years later.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
That is why I made up an imaginary prisoner that doesn't exist in the reality that we know and reside in. So your lists of innocent death row inmates don't apply to my hypothetical prisoner. Understand?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
I don't understand.The purpose of the justice system is to determine whether or not individuals are guilty without actually knowing guilt.The fact that you're claiming your hypothetical prisoner is absolutely guilty makes no difference, since the justice system cannot know that. The justice system has no choice but to operate on evidence. Evidence, regardless of how convincing at a particular point in time, has a nasty habit of appearing to be less useful later on. Worse, new evidence that is contradictory to previous evidence can be found after a period of time. Sometimes this period of time is several years.Your hypothetical prisoner, guilty as sin, or not, would still have to benefit from all the legal protections afforded to all prisoners.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
I understand what you are saying but are you implying that we should allow the majority of death row inmates (Who are most likely guilty) to abuse the appeals system as many times as they want? I think we can reach a compromise. Here me out: a prisoner is convicted of murder in court, he makes an appeal and it finds nothing to cast a doubt on his guilt. He makes another appeal and it is the same result. He makes a third appeal and he's still found guilty. Where is the cut off point is what I'm getting at? Should he be allowed to make as many appeals as he wants even if no evidence comes forth exonerating him? Should there be a set amount of appeals he can make before he is killed? Some arbitrary number chosen? Should a prisoner be only allowed to be on death row for 5 years? 10 years? 15 years before they are executed? I think there should be certain limits. How about you?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Then your hypothethical scenario doesn't apply to the reality in which we make laws about how death penalty should work.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
What would you say to the actual people in real life who have secured their release from death row after winning their appeal, or losing an initial appeal and winning a later one?Would you say, "Too bad, sucks to be you guys but I would have been comfortable with you dying. I know your convictions were unfounded and executing you would have been a terrible miscarriage of justice, but you gotta understand, I just *really, really* wanna kill other convicts who I'm super sure are guilty of their crimes."More to the point, your hypothetical is fanciful enough that it doesn't seem to have any applicability to the real world. Saying, "but what if the criminal definitely did it for sure," doesn't describe a scenario that has ever happened in the real world, nor one that will ever happen. We can't ever know that, we'll never have 100% certainty of the facts of any crime.It's like you're asking for an omniscient "justice supercomputer" that's infallible and just decides the verdict of crimes without us needing to hold trials. But since we don't have that, we have to account for human fallibility and leave in mechanisms like appeals for us to correct the inevitable mistakes in the justice system--if we even have to have capital punishment to begin with.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Let me clarify something since I didn't include it in the OP. If whoever decides whether or not an appeal is granted (I'm not familiar with this aspect) decides that prisoner A has a solid case for his innocence, then yes he should be granted appeals. But it has to be a solid concrete case for his innocence understand? Is that fair and reasonable? Now someone who goes on a killing rampage and is caught gunning people down in a public place and is subdued by the police...(Louhhner, James Holmes, etc) People like that shouldn't be given a chance for appeal if they are so obviously guilty it is ridiculous. They should be executed immediately after their sentence is given. IF THEY ARE OBVIOUSLY CERTAINLY GUILTY (Like James Holmes, Ted Bundy etc) to such a degree that the chance of them being innocent is less than 0.0000000001%. Not if there is a 50 50 chance of them being guilty or a 40 60 chance of them being innocent. Understand now?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
 My argument now is that not every single person on death row should be allowed appeals or multiple appeals if the case for their guilt is too grear for their claimed innocence to be **Reasonably** faced.So how would this system work exactly? How do we decide which people are allowed appeals and which aren't?And if their guilt is so great in the first place why waste taxpayer money on a capital trial? 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
The point of all the appeals is to delay the execution date so that evidence proving them innocent may be found. Considering that -despite all the appeals- we still sometimes execute innocent people, it seems mad to restrict appeals.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
there are very few cases where it is a 100% guilty verdict and even if it is 100% certain that the person was guilty what are the motives behind it?Have you seen the movie "too young to die" it does a good job of highlighting how someone can end up on death row be 100 percent guilty of a crime but still deserve a chance to appeal.I think you find that the majority of cases are not open and shut, who gets to decided if someone is 100% guilty or not? I agree if somebody takes a gun into a public place and start shooting, they should just be shot on the spot and save everyone time and money but i think if you look into most death row inmates their cases are not as open and shut.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
In my opinion someone who kills a large amount of people in public and is found standing there  amidst the bodies holding a gun wearing tactical gear should just be shot right there. I agree with you on that.I'm going to stress the point I made in my original post and have made a few times since this thread started: I understand in the real world that rarely is a death row case so open and shut but in this situation can we assume that we live in a perfect world where a person is proven absolutely 100% guilty of a murder or murders and justly tried without any error or mishandling of evidence or anything of that nature. We are discussing a hypothetical imaginary convict. He doesn't exist in this reality. I hope that clears things up because I'm tired of people bringing up how no one is ever truly 100% guilty. I know that that is why I made it hypothetical in the first place.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
if we lived in a perfect world with a perfect justice system there would be no need for any appeals process. the appeal process exists because once someone has been executed there is no bringing them back, It is worth the cost to make sure that we do not execute someone who is innocent.imagine if you walk into a room and find yourself surrounded by dead bodies and there is a gun on the table. you run to a body to check if they are alive get some blood on you. then you hear something you turn around and see a masked figure enter the room, he reaches for a knife and runs at you, you grab the gun and fire, you miss, the masked man run off, next thing you know the cops come in you are standing in a room full of dead bodies holding a gun. you drop the gun immediately and you are arrested. your prints are on the gun, there is GSR on your hands and clothes you are pretty boned.   from the outside it looks pretty bad pretty open and shut, you are found guilty, do you still think you have the right to appeall? 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
When does something like that ever happen? I mean I understand people are falsely convicted but making it seem like that no matter how large a case against someone is, no matter how vast the evidence against him, there is still a small .001% chance it could be a huge mistake and he's innocent is false and ridiculous. When has anything even remotely like what you described as an example ever occurred? Please provide some actual examples instead of making up what ifs that are completely outlandish	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Yes i Agree my example is outlandish and wild, If something like that had ever happened the truth probably would not of come out. here are some examples of people found innocent after execution http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesse_Taferohttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlos_DeLunahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timothy_Evanshttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Campden_Wonder	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Remind me what your argument is again. I kinda got lost arguing with another guy until we both reached a compromise	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
there is no such thing as open and open shut case, it is worth the time and money even if it just stops 1 innocent person out of 1000 from being executed. there are examples of things that looked open and shut but later turned out to be wrong.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
The Campden Wonder would make an amazing movie. Edit: Also, [your list is nowhere near long enough.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_exonerated_death_row_inmates)	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Really, this is a question about who should be allowed to decide whether or not someone can launch an appeal. The answer is the court that holds the power to hear appeals - they're close to the problem, and are generally less biased than the people responsible for the conviction in the first place.If you give this power to the prosecutor or judge, there's no recourse for getting railroaded by a local court.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
I agree that the ability to make appeals should be RESPONSIBLY limited to certain prisoners that have a strong case for their innocence. People like Ted Bundy and other monsters shouldn't be allowed to make appeals if the evidence against them is too concrete to reconsider their guilt or innocence. There is no need to waste hundreds of millions of dollars for nothing when it could be put to better use. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
The real question is who gets to decide whether or not you're allowed to appeal. Whoever can decide that has oversight over the court that made the decision you are appealing. We've already decided who has that power - the appeal court for that jurisdiction. There's no need to change anything, since the appeal court can already decide to not hear an appeal.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
 The only reason why the death penalty costs so much is because of all the stupid and useless appeals filed by pro-bono law groups in the names of death row inmates for no other reason than to make the process more expensive so that later on they can complain about how expensive the process is.    This is not the only reason. You're assuming a lot about the motivations of these groups. Also, the only person that can appeal is the prisoner. If he or she is unwilling to go forward with elective appeals, then no group can have standing to speak on his or her behalf. I posted a TED talk in another comment where a death row attorney outlines the appeals that are available. You would do well to watch it.     We have decided as a nation and a society that some crimes are so heinous that they deserve the worst punishment, meaning taking someone's life away or their taking their right to live away.     Not my state. Michigan abolished the death penalty in 1846, that's pre-Civil War. Only 34 states still execute, plus the military and the Federal Government. Sure, that's a plurality, but it's not all states.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Very few death row inmates refuse appeals. Most of them jump at the chance to temporarily extend their life expectedly with the unfortunate effect of resources wasted and large sums of money wasted. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
I understand that, but the fact remains that outside groups cannot act without the OK from the inmate. Just like I cannot sue your neighbor for you if your neighbor damages your property, I wouldn't have legal standing. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
You'd have to add an amendment to the US Constitution that says something along the lines of, "by the way, none of these rights applies to citizens who have been sentenced by the federal or state governments to death" or "none of these rights apply to citizens who have been sentenced to death and have appealed once." Good luck doing that with the current Congress, which has set the record for passing the least amount of legislation of any Congress in US history.For people who have irrational and over-the-top reactions to crimes, like this, I usually ask them to just look around at the world. Would any of the Scandanavian nations dream of passing legislation like this? What about Switzerland? Or the Netherlands? What about states like Vermont? There are some parts of the world that have extremely low unemployment, excellent healthcare systems, their citizens score highest in contentment, quality of life, and happiness, their economies are consistently rated the most robust, aggressive, and productive in the world, low income disparity, high quality of living, etc.Then take a look at Eastern Europe, or Nigeria, or Mississippi and Alabama. These places have the kinds of societies and governments that have your mentality. Completely unnecessary overreactions to crime. An absolute obsession with "law and order", the death penalty, life sentences, chain gangs, striping people of their rights, human rights violations galore, and look at what they have to show for it. All of these places fall dead last in the developed world when it comes to quality of life, income disparity, poverty, lack of education, poor healthcare, longevity, happiness, and other barometers of a vibrant, successful, and prosperous place.So the question is, would you rather have an enlightened society like Sweden or Switzerland, or a society based on revenge and retribution and testosterone outbursts like Uganda and Belarus? Would you rather live in a state that enjoys clean air and water, a high standard of living, great schools, and overall great well-being like some of the New England states, or live in the South where you can enjoy anti-union anti-minimum wage, anti-environmental regulations, anti-justice, anti-democracy, anti-Constitutional rights (except the 2nd amendment of course), and live amidst a racist, socially stratified, environmentally degraded state like West Virginia or the impoverished dumps in the South?This whole thing is a mindset. It all goes hand in hand. That's why "law and order" places also fail in other respects, like environmental and educational quality. It is the symptom of a "tough love" type of society, one where stomping a mud hole in other people's lives because they did something wrong is acceptable. And that mentality is generalized to minorities and the environment as well. And I'm not dissing WV or any of the Southern states, I myself am from the South, and I think its sad that they have elected governments that have the kind of mentality that would be right at home with the kind of legislation you propose for death penalty inmates.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
You're only giving me 2 choices as if there is no middle ground. Either have the US be like Sweden with clean air, water, and other stuff that has no relevancy to this argument at all or have it be like a poor African shithole like Uganda. Where did I propose any of this in my argument?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
It all goes together. Its a package deal. And out of more than 200 nations, and countless more local, state, and provincial governments, you can't point to a single one that has draconian prison sentences, prolific death penalty implementation, and doesn't have all manner of violations of civil liberties and ram ant environmental degradation. That's not a coincidence. It is a mindset. If you want to live in some savage, knuckle-dragging society with state executions and chain gangs, you will also live in a society that couldn't care a less about surveillance, environmental destruction, homophobia, racism, and misogyny. Because there are two societies to live in: a society that reflects the interests of its citizens, and a society that reflects the concentration of power that defines state interests. And those two diverging interests manifest themselves in ways that are consistent no matter where you look.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
The problem with your view isn't your unrealistic assumption that it's even theoretically possible for someone to be 100% known to be guilty. It's with understanding what an appeal *means*.If an appeal is granted (i.e. allowed to move forward to that point where you claim that it's "wasting money"), that means that some judge somewhere has examined the argument being made in the appeal and says "yes, there's something here that we need to have argued".If there's something to be argued, then by definition the conviction wasn't 100% known to be correct. If there's nothing to be argued, then the appeal will not go forward, and the cost will be relatively minor.The reason your view doesn't work in the real world is that there always *are* things to argue about in a death penalty case. For example, we have, as a society, decided that people who are so mentally ill as to not have a conception of right and wrong are not to be executed. You may agree or disagree with this, but it's a real point that actually has to be determined in order for the execution to proceed. And it's a very hazy concept that takes a lot of evidence to demonstrate, and often can never be demonstrated to everyone's satisfaction.We have similarly decided, as a society, that evidence that is gathered in contravention of our Constitution (i.e. the fundamental rules that we agree to live by in society) is not to be considered in criminal trials. But this is also not a cut-and-dried issue, because the interpretation of what acts constitute contravention of the Constitution change regularly.We have also decided as a society that people should receive adequate legal counsel in trials, especially when their lives are on the line. This is not an "obvious" thing, but has to be argued and decided.These are just the most obvious 3 areas of haziness, but there are innumerable others. Basically, the entire legal appeals process is *exactly* how we try to get to that mythical 100% certainty that you're hypothesizing in this CMV. 100% certainty is not cheap. It's very very expensive to rule out all of the possible ways in which we might be uncertain about something.Hell, philosophers don't even think 100% correct "knowledge" is even a possible concept. It should not be surprising that its extraordinarily difficult and expensive to even approach that standard. Your contention that we should reduce appeals is basically an argument that we shouldn't try so hard to be 100% accurate in our convictions, because appeals are exactly how we try to do that. Your attempt at begging the question falls rather flat.For the record, I think that if you could prove someone was sane with near 100% certainty, and you had a high resolution videotape, collected in in a manner where there was no argument that it was in complete accord with our Constitutional protections, and proven to be accurate and not modified by the government, of the criminal not only killing people, but also being arrested (so that there was no possibility of mistaken identity), then, perhaps, we would be so close to certain that there would be little to appeal about.And, indeed, in that case, the appeals very likely wouldn't take much time (or expense) to process.It's just that that situation has never actually occurred, ever, in the history of the justice system, so we have little precedent to cover it.TL;DR: Appeals are how we *get* to that near 100% certainty that you are trying to assume happens right away... it doesn't.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
You are right you can't ask for 100 percent certainty in the real world. What I'm saying is that our current appeals system could be greatly improved so justice is carries out swiftly, fairlt , and with no large sums of money wasted so some convicts can live a bit longer. Which is what it is used for mostly. Not proving innocence but to tie the courts up so he doesn't have to face death. This defeats the entire purpose of the death penalty if the majority of death row inmates never get executed even if that would be the more cost efficient way. After all a bullet costs less than 2 dollars. I'm simply asking for a change in the system that doesn't hurt the chances of an innocent person being exonerated. It is the vast abuse exploitation and abuse that sickens me. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
What you consider to be abuse and exploitation of the system is, in fact, exactly how the system is supposed to work. When there is a question about whether evidence was handled properly, that's not a "loophole", that's something that really needs to be determined.The fact that you can't actually ask for 100% certainty in the real world is the best possible argument to not have the death penalty at all. It's not an argument, by any ethical standard that I can imagine, for the position that we should be happy with 95% accuracy, or even 99%, when we're talking about dealing out unredeemable and permanent punishments. Personally, I think that the death penalty should only be considered in cases where the judge, jury, and prosecution are *so* certain that they are not committing premeditated murder themselves, via the judicial process, that they are willing to be executed themselves if it is later proven that the accused was innocent. And that their execution should be just as swift and appeals-free as you want their innocent victim's to be.The fact that no one would ever be certain enough to sign up for this just drives home to me that the whole process is a hypocritical absurdity. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
People confess to crimes they didn't commit all the time.  If someone walked into the police station tomorrow and said that they were [The Boston Strangler](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Strangler), we still need to investigate it and make sure they are telling the truth.  People have confessed to crimes they didn't commit for a number of reasons, either due to mental illness, because they wanted publicity, or because they wanted to protect someone else who actually did commit the crimes.Even if it turns out that the person really is guilty of the crime they are confessing to, it might be better to make a deal with him for life in prison in exchange for information regarding others suspected of the crime.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Only mental illness of the three you listed should be protected.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
So you would simply take them at their word and execute them, rather than pursuing the real culprit? And are you stating that someone trying to protect the culprit or who wants publicity should be promptly killed?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
[removed]	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
I think that people who want to execute people for menial offenses should be executed because I don't want them to pollute our society.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
What if somebody threatens to murder their family if they don't admit guilt?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Was coercion listed? No? OK. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
That's why I asked the question. I can think of a number of situations where we shouldn't be willy-nilly murdering a person for admitting guilt, and I wanted to get your stance on if there should be protection for situations other than mental illness.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Absolutely. But he only listed those three. I'm not saying the officer who they admit to whips out a side arm and goes to town. But it shouldn't be appeal after appeal, after delayed trial, after a stay of execution, after appeal... You admit to a crime you get a speedy trial, you die. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
We've established that there are multiple reasons why someone may admit guilt without actually being guilty. If that is the case, those appeals give time for the justice system to figure out the truth, which I hope we can agree is more important than an expedited trial simply because guilt was admitted. That person should become a suspect, not a convict, and be treated like any normal suspect would.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
You're treating a gushing cut on your arm with gauze. Rather than the blood thinning problem. Don't admit guilt unless guilty. Fix the system, don't treat the results. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
There's the danger of a false confession. If they are forced to confess through torture or other coercion, they would be killed despite being innocent.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Just popping in to add this in case anyone thinks this wouldn't happen: [Ottis Toole](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ottis_Toole) confessed to *many* murders he did not commit, and he wasn't even tortured. He liked the attention, some confessions gained him privileges, etc.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
As did [Jessie Misskelley](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Memphis_Three). In that case it was thanks to his being grilled for 20 hours and having a very low intelligence.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
  On August 19, 2011, they enteredAlford pleas, which allow them to assert their innocence while acknowledging that prosecutors have enough evidence to convict them. Judge David Laser accepted the pleas and sentenced the three to time served. They were released with 10-year suspended sentences, having served 18 years and 78 days in prison.[6]That is just totally fucked.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Well, I may be ignorant, but if someone confesses to a crime and is innocent they would be killed or maimed or God knows what else.Under my Idea, the same would apply, except it would be quick and painless, no?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
While leaving the actual criminal free.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
The problem with your view is that if we just "close the case" then the person who IS guilty of that crime goes free. Precisely in what way is killing an innocent person and letting a murderer walk a good thing? 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
First of all, if they confessed to a crime and were innocent, they could later be released. Under normal circumstances, they would be found innocent/have time to prove their innocence, even if we account for the death penalty. Also, it does leave the criminal at large.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
There are many cases of people being wrongfully endicted because they were coerced into a confession or because of mental illness. It is easier than you think for someone to convince you that you did something and even easier to get someone to admit to doing something they didn't do. Sometimes this is caught before conviction sometimes it is not. Sometimes long after conviction the person is proved innocent. DNA evidence has helped a lot of these people who were put away in the 90s and 80s. When someone is convicted of a crime and put on death row they are not executed right away. The reason death row is so expensive is because they have many many attempts to appeal their conviction. A lot of the time convictions are successfully overturned or sentences are reduced either because new evidence becomes available or an error in the original case is found. If you execute someone upon hearing their confession you are denying them the ability to appeal.Also, you are denying them due process which is their 14th amendment right.And whether a crime is punishable by death depends on a lot of different factors including location, technicalities, judge, nature of the crime, mental state, and intent. Without a full evaluation and appeals, we can not determine what crimes are punishable by death.For all these reasons and more a person should not be executed without due process.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
A major part of the justice system is making sure that the state does their job according to the law.  It's why we're willing to let people go on a technicality even when we're pretty sure they're guilty.  If we set up a system where the state can get a result "by any means necessary", then we encourage them to start breaking the rules more and more.  One example of that is coercion of a confession.  We toss out confessions when it's determined that they were obtained illegally.  And we need time to make sure of that.  	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
  a technicality Usually a violation of your inalienable constitutional rights; and the rule that lets you go is based off logic that comes from your due process rights.  Not Billy Madison passing high school a week late. That was a technicality.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Absolutely and I see where you are coming from. But, if someone was coerced into taking the blame for a death sentence level crime, what are their options?Death by the state, which is regulated and highly scrutinized OrDeath by whomever they are being coerced by, which is not regulated and will probably be much more painfulI'm not arguing that laws get abused, I'm just trying to find a reason not to immediately dispose of people on death row who have pleaded guilty to the crime 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
  I'm just trying to find a reason not to immediately dispose of people on death row who have pleaded guilty to the crimeBecause, in the case of false confessors, they don't deserve to die for a crime they didn't commit. Allowing anyone who confesses to be killed would make torture a much more widespread practice. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
&amp;amp;#8710;That's actually a good point. Do you know how to do the delta sign on a phone?Edit: figured it out 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Confirmed: 1 delta awarded to /u/ryancarp3. ^[[History](/r/changemyview/wiki/user/ryancarp3)]^[[Wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltabot)][[Code](https://github.com/alexames/DeltaBot)][/r/DeltaBot]	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
So there are a lot of problems with this, but I'm going to go with two that stick out to me.* **Some people will confess because they're mentally ill or coerced.**[False confessions are surprisingly common.](http://ps.psychiatryonline.org/doi/10.1176/appi.ps.55.1.19)  And police often have an enormous incentive to get someone to confess, whether it's true or not.  I could see someone who has limited intellectual ability being tied up in knots of logic after hours of interrogating falsely confessing.  Or the cops can just beat someone up til they confess (yes, this happens).  Or someone who is delusional and thinks they did something they didn't.  Or they're just suicidal and falsely confess to get someone to carry out the act of killing them.And since you stipulated that you want to kill them *immediately,* that means we can't do any evaluation if they're actually guilty, or if they were crazy.* **It is *absurdly* unconstitutional.**The [5th amendment to the US constitution](https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/fifth_amendment) provides that "no person shall be... deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law."  "Due process of law" means all of the stuff we do with people to convict them of crimes.  Bringing them to court, formally charging them, letting them see the evidence against them, letting them question the witnesses against them and subpoena witnesses in their defense, letting them make a case to a judge and jury, and letting them appeal the judge's ruling.  Plus a bunch of other stuff I'm leaving out for brevity.Due process is *the* bedrock of liberty.  It is the thing which makes other rights meaningful, because it prevents the government from doing things which can't be justified objectively to an outside judge and jury.Due process is the most important right there is, and this proposal would blow it to smithereens.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
I may have worded this badly because I seem to be getting a lot of answers similar to this (however this is the best response). What I mean is, if someone says they are guilty of a crime that merits the death penalty  in a court of law, why would you not put them down. Or at the very least, put them next in line for an injection or however it's done these days. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Ok, so to be clear you're saying that for anyone convicted of a certain set of crimes, the punishment should always be death, but that it should be done in accordance with the law otherwise?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
No, what I'm saying is if someone admits that they are guilty of a crime that would sentence them to death, I see no reason not to end their life immediately 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Ok, in that case, I think both of my original points apply.  What if, for instance, someone says they did it but it turns out they're just suicidal?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Except its not that simple.  Here's [a list](http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/crimes-punishable-death-penalty) of capital offenses by state.  Notice how many states require muder with a varying numbers of aggravating factors.  According to [this site](http://definitions.uslegal.com/a/aggravating-factor/), aggravating can include commiting muder in front of a child, feeling no remorse, among others.  These are the types of factors that a jury would need to see in a trial in order to determine whether the crime was a capital offense.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
You can get the death penalty for first degree murder in some states, but not every first degree murder is sentenced to death.  To my knowledge, there is no crime where death is the ***only*** prescribed penalty, at least in the U.S.Even if someone confessed (and then pled guilty) to first degree murder, you'd still need a judge to evaluate the facts of the case and decide on proper sentencing.  	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
It's unconstitutional to have mandatory death penalties; courts *must* consider mitigating factors. There's one federal law on the books with a mandatory death sentence (spying, when tried in a military court), but that's probably not constitutional (it's just that no one has been court-martialed for spying in a *very* long time).	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
There are exactly zero crimes where everyone guilty is put to death in the U.S. That is *always* a separate verdict that the jury has to make, and that's based on a judgement call, not merely the facts of the situation. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
It's really hard to determine whether a certain crime would send someone to the gallows; we have a whole system of courts for figuring it out. It's not something that some guy on the street can get right with the kind of certainty that's called for in a literal life-or-death situation.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Why would anyone admit to the crime then? 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Indeed, most incentive to confess would be lost, which means more time spent trying to prove guilt. And it could become harder for victims to get a sense of closure if the one arrested never confesses.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
[removed]	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Sorry MyCatIsCursingMe, your comment has been removed:   Comment Rule 1\. "Direct responses to a CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP’s current view (however minor), unless they are asking a clarifying question. Arguments in favor of the view OP is willing to change must be restricted to replies to comments." [See the wiki page for more information.](http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules#wiki_rule_1)  If you would like to appeal, please [message the moderators by clicking this link.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fchangemyview&amp;subject=Removed+Comment+Rule+1+Post+Appeal&amp;message=MyCatIsCursingMe+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of+[his/her+post](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/3mjaet/cmv_if_someone_admits_that_they_are_guilty_of_a/cvfi2s6\))	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
False confessions [are notoriously easy to get.](http://www.innocenceproject.org/causes-wrongful-conviction/false-confessions-or-admissions)People confess *all the time* when confronted with a plea bargain. A lot of the time these people are innocent. Executing people after they have been pressured into a confession would be one the greatest miscarriages of justice I could think of.Unfortunately, confessions are near the top of the list of forms of evidence the general public considers "iron clad" when in reality they are often the most useless. Others that are up there include eye witness testimony, and recollections of events from memory.These forms of evidence need to be drastically cut down a peg in the public eye, and this CMV is great evidence of that.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Do you believe that if a person wishes to commit suicide for any reason, they should immediately be given the means to do so? It doesn't make sense to refuse to allow anyone to kill themselves by other means but enable them to instantly cause their own death by admitting to a crime.Maybe you actually do believe we should allow immediate, no-questions-asked suicide to anyone who wants it, but at the very least your idea is inconsistent with how most people feel about that topic.	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
I once asked a law-student friend how lawyers justified defending a client they knew to be guilty. He had some great answers, and for the most part, I think they can apply to your question.1. Even if you believe your client is completely guilty, the judicial system itself needs defending (i.e., you should fight to make sure he gets a fair trial, time for new evidence to come up, etc). This keeps the system 'on its toes'.2. Even if you know your client to be guilty, defense is the best way to address points of the law you don't agree with. In other words, a defense isn't just a struggle against a 'guilty' verdict: it's a struggle against a cruel and unusual (or simply unjust) punishment. Imagine we instituted your rule of insta-kill for those who confess capital crimes. Now imagine that there were a few capital crimes on the books that you disagreed with. 	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
Isn't withholding evidence that proves your client's guilt criminal?	Death Penalty should be enforced more quickly e.g. by minimizing the number of appeals
