funny how extremist liberals like hillary clinton and BO are all for the death penalty when it comes to abortion (even third trimester as the baby is being delivered), but they're vehemently against the death penalty for known killers, go figure!﻿
Society is like a house, when you don't take out the trash it becomes unlivable.  If you're too crazy to understand that murder is wrong I see that as MORE of a reason to remove you from the earth.﻿
In New Hampshire public hangings are still legal. Live free or die. God bless New Hampshire.﻿
California can learn a thing or two from TEXAS....﻿
All, and I mean all, nygurs and muslims need to be executed immediately. That may seem harsh but it's nothing compared to what they are hell bent on doing to everyone else.  And by everyone else, I mean humans.﻿
Does the Death Penalty prevent murder? Well... I have yet to see one murderer who ever received the Death Penalty ever commit another murder, ever again. So... Yeah.
Or any other crime for that matter. Rehabilitation rate for Death Penalty is 100%. No one who has received it ever commits ANY crime ever again.
That is the sad truth about California. It don't care bout the death penalty, all it cares bout is convictions. Now the prison systems are running out of places to put people........ my guess is if they would use the death penalty they wouldn't have that problem.... but I am for it. I believe there are some sick and twisted people that just need to go﻿
A Sizeable portion of Prison space in Texas, New Mexico, Arizona... is taken up with Out of state Prisoners from California. California pays other states to house their overcrowding.
seems kind of stupid to do that doesn't it? If the death penalty was used, and not just a threat, then thing would b better off
All of California would be better off if they'd just kick the Liberals the hell out of power.
y not go and get rid of everyone and start from scratch  
I hope you're being facetious. Otherwise that statement is just too fucking stupid to comment on. I'll leave it to you to figure out why. If you can.
yeah, the recent escape of multiple known murders in States that don't institute the death penalty actually proves it needs to be expanded in all States and followed through with in a timely manner in cases where it's absolutely known the perpetrator actually did commit the crime.
The only reason why the death penalty wouldn't be a deterrent because the murderers are not afraid or convinced by it. Some murderers may even want to die, but in a way that they could suddenly wreak havoc for their own selfishness. The Constitution doesn't allow "cruel and unusual punishment", and I bet a lot of us would implement such! ﻿
So logically, if a murderer is afraid to die, then why would he replicate that fear on those he harms? Only at the point where you forfeit your life completely do you realize that other lives are forfeit as well. That's the tried-and-true pathology of any common murderer and I'm talking about the premeditated kind and not the passionate. If you don't think I have common sense, then you know nothing about our crime and punishment system and probably should be recused from participating in civic duty in that regard, due to "incompetence".
It's not so much about deterrence as it is insuring that animal never has a chance to commit further crimes ever again. If it deters others, good.  Besides the whole argument against it due to lack of deterrence is a biased and false one anyways. You can always point to a capital crime and say, "See? He wasn't deterred". But the number of crimes that were deterred is impossible to know BECAUSE THEY NEVER OCCURRED! I guarantee you one thing though. Any who do receive the death penalty. Never commit any crime ever again. In that regard it has a 100% success rate.  
I never believed in the death penalty, until I watched a lot of true crime stories. Instead of paying $30,000 to $60,000 a year to keep these death row types alive, I say give the people they offended a choice! And, make them work! Some definitely deserve it, and some do not. One woman because a very good person, but sorry to say Bush had to go with the law. I felt badly for her. I do not want innocent people to die...some are in there wrongly, thank goodness DNA came along.
If you knowingly kill someone, you have violated society's laws and you deserve to die, abortion doctors AND criminals. Both are just as crazy and equally guilty of murder. Killing an infant inside or outside makes no difference, its still alive. Btw, texas is republican dominated, and ron white has right wing ideas, so yes, this was intended to push right wing policies
Hell yeah! Gotta love Texas :)
All the Blue Collar comedians are real men!
Ron White is a REAL MAN!
You're right. A civilized society deals with the people who violate one another's right to live. And that means, you shackle 'em in and flip the switch.
I say, you violate someone else's right to live, you have given up yours. In my book, you deserve to be shot in the face on the spot.
Absolutely true! They want to keep a murderer alive on our tax dollars. But they won't even give an unborn child a chance at life outside the womb! That my friend is hypocracy at it's worst! This is the main reason Social Security is going down the tubes! We have exterminated an entire generation through Roe V. Wade!
God Bless Texas!
Liberals are absolutely KILLING our country. Do I believe we should aid those we can't do it for themselves? Yes, but there are too many holes in system so that homegirl gets to use hers lone star card while sending a txt on her iPhone.
You never see massacres down here! Screw liberals!
Wooohooo!!!! Lets go republican states!!!!
this is not complicated at all - for RAPE , PREMEDITATED MURDER , CHILD ABUSE , SELLING DRUGS you should be put on trial , you should be granted an appeal - then if found guilty , you should be taken downstairs in the court building , that day and terminated . Enough of this happy horseshit - time to set standards and maintain them in every state , every day .
"Hey guys, we found the guys that plotted the attacks on 9/11 what should we do?" "Eh, put them in this jail cell, we'll give them free food and pay our money to keep them alive." "Oh ok, that sounds like a good plan!"
you liberals are the ones who are backward idiots.
whatever you jack ass
no, we use an electric chair or a firing squad, they get to choose.
True. My adds is rather than wasting a bullet/injection or cleaning that cell of you mentioned. Just recycle them, ie: live harvest ALL useful bits on their body and sell it to the highest bidder. Maybe then the pathetic government can pay off some of its debts.
Luv Ron White. Wish we have death penalty and a harsher system in Australia. Its totally pathetic. Serious criminals doesn't get what they deserve, especially if you are rich. And something minor and you happens to be poor then they are ruined by the lengthy red tape court system.
Regarding the death penalty: Pros: 1. Prevents criminals from escaping/being released to commit more crimes. 2. Closure for grieving families. 3. Taxpayers don't have to pay to sustain the lives of criminals. Cons: 1. Too harsh for some crimes (obviously wouldn't do it to a mere petty thief). 2. Not harsh ENOUGH for others - let rapists starve in a single cell PACKED with other rapists. Nothing is cut-and-dried; this is not a decision to make lightly.
Not really, you can go buy 100 pack of .40 caliber bullets at wal mart for less than 30 dollars and still have some left over. If this country would treat criminals like criminals they wouldn't have the overcrowding problem. And on a personal note, I would not lose one nights sleep over putting a bullet in the heads of the guys who murdered my father.
Canada is dumb. How can you not kill someone who has killed a child. I would do it myself without a second thought.
The death penalty ensures the cretin doesn't do it again.
i like your usename. your not for the death penalty, yet you wish death upon us all with cancer. Hypocrite
Why is the discussion about it not being a deterrent even had. No, it's not a deterrent ... so f-ing what ... IT IS A PUNISHMENT!!! I could not give a damn about it's effectiveness as a deterrent. That NEVER should have been the point.
I just think that if you maliciously take another human being's life (that doesn't include self-defense), yours is forfeit. What gives you the right to keep on living when you've taken someone else's life away? And I feel the need to specify that that's a rhetorical question, beause every person peacefully expressing their opinion gets attacked on the internet.
I would bet that in Texas, the bad guy might of only got off a couple of shots before the redneck theatre-goers returned fire.God help the Aurora injured, Rest in Peace the Aurora dead. God Bless Texas.
With the death penalty I can GUARANTEE you that your children will NEVER be molested, raped, killed or kidnapped by the bad guy. I know you cannot guarantee anything with rehab. I believe in making sure that our kids have the best chance. It's just a difference of opinion on how to handle people who wish to kill your children.
They are rehabilitated. Let's have them babysit your children?
We could let them be YOUR roommates. I would rather kill those same people.
i bet if the movie theater massacre happened in Texas, John Holmes will get the death penalty and we all know that Texas loves to kill it inmates that are on death row. Ron's so right about our death penalty. Texas Pride.
I understand compassion and what you believe in but when peole see you kill someone for no good reason, there's gonna be consequences. You kill 2 or more and we should end you before you end us. The sad laws of basic survival: kill or be killed.
I want to kill murderers, child molesters and the like. you want to keep child molesters and rapists alive. You want to keep the theatre killer alive? I want to chop him up (kill him).I am clearly a scumbag. Lol.
i know i'm late to the argument....but the bible specifically has punishment for things like murder. Multiple felons are sentenced to punishments based on their transgression. So using "christianity" as a reason to not have a death sentences is self defeating.
For a punishment to be an effective deterrent, it must be carried out in more than a few cases and in a timely manner. I know that if I kill someone in most states, I have a very high chance of never receiving the death penalty. And even if I do, I could probably appeal my way out of it. If we actually used the death penalty (and it took less than 45yrs to get it done for people who are sentenced to it), trust me, it would become a deterrent.
Every state should have the "express lane".
It may not be "foolproof" but it takes a lot of sickos out of this world who don't diserve to contnue living because they have killed multiple people FOR NO REASON. Pro death penalty
That explains why you didn't directly reply to me. How backwards are you? Having the death penalty would still be cheaper because there would be relatively less prison guards needed on payroll, since they'll just kill the prisoners anyway. Prosecution costs are cheaper than that of meals and guards. Law enforcement cost would remain the same, as all that's changing are the consequences of crimes, not cop behavior. Legal protection would only rise a bit in the short run. Long run, still cheaper
They are illogical because they make no sense whatsoever. The human body needs about 2000 calories per day, and with an evergrowing population, food costs more and more. You are trying to convey that somehow, by some inane possibility, feeding a large amount of prisoners, 3 times a day, for 365 days a year, is somehow cheaper than purchasing a stock of cyanide that would only need to be used once for these prisoners. The cost is high, but in the long run, it is cheaper. You really are an idiot.
"Every study shows a bias against minorities AND it's more expensive to impose the death sentence than life in prison." I can't even begin to describe how illogical that sounds. You're an idiot.
We can't let the murderer out because he killed (hypothetical) your daughter. If we let him out , he might kill your wife. We can't leave him in prison for life, that's cruel. We can't kill him, that's cruel. The truth is....We CAN kill him, to get rid of him...to send a message to others. It's the best choice. I don't want to kill anyone but more important than my emotions is ......the need to rid the planet of this horrible person. A baby was just born. Kill the killer before he finds the babyyes to death penalty﻿
Death penalty will provide closure for the family's victim.if there is no death penalty the criminals are happy while the victim's family suffer from strong grief or extreme trauma﻿
Get a gun, yea? Dig a hole yea? Shoot him in the head, yea? Bury the cockroach(imagine the tony montana voice). P.S. when people say that people can be wrongfully convicted and recieve Capital Punishment, can we not say the same is happening to people who are wrongfully accused and get life in prison? So in my oppinion no mattet what side we look at it from. Innocents will always be convicted for crimes big or small.﻿
Ashraf i see. I we can keep them alive, I just dont want other people to get hurt.
You said: "There is no demonstrate that executions deter people from committing crime...", I partially agree with this statement. What happened in Singapore when they implemented the death penalty? If you research about it, you'll clearly see that, the indice of crimes in Singapore has drastically decreased, and if you research a little bit more, SINGAPORE IS THE SAFEST PLACE IN THE WORLD.﻿
People take the 8th Amendment too far, there is nothing cruel and unusual about being hung. It happens quick, and fast.﻿
So...let me ask this then. A man kills five people for no reason other than doing so because he felt like it. That's five people he mercilessly killed with no remorse. Five innocent people. So, he's captured. What punishment would you wish on him?﻿
I'm in favor of the death penalty law. Death penalty is not murder, it is self defense & a deterrent to crime, society has to defend itself against criminals, executed criminals will never murder again. I'm Italian living & working in Singapore, I admire Singapore's discipline & strict death penalty law for criminals & drug traffickers; as a result Singapore is a free drug society & has low crime rate. I wish there was death penalty in Italy. Crimes are increasing in countries where there's no death penalty & where jails are like 1st class hotels﻿
YOU WIMPY HYPOCRITE CRYBABIES!!!!! HOW WILL YOU FEEL IF YOUR WIFE, DAUGHTER OR ANY CLOSE RELATIVE IS KILLED??? MY HEART & MIND WILL BE FULL OF REVENGE!!!! EITHER YOU ALLOW THESE MURDEROUS RATS BE EXECUTED LEGALLY, WE SHOULD INCREASE THE NUMBER OF EXECUTIONS OR BRING LYNCH MOBS!!!! AND LYNCH MOBS WILL BE WORSE: ANYBODY CAN BE EXECUTED & WITHOUT TRIAL! YOU CRYBABIES BUMS WANT THAT? YOU ARE GOING TO GET IT!﻿
Well, take it or leave it. Make your choice.
As  I said, take it or leave it. Why can't you understand?
In Europe we have another problem, the extreme left wing ruling our countries totally ignores the need of extreme criminals to be punished. Criminals are better protected than citizens... guys who lost their driver's license 5-10 times because of hit and run, than kill someone with a hit and run, STILL get their driver's license... . Murderers reject the food they get in prison because their steak is a bit too bloody, etc... it is ridiculous !! One guy once said :'A society is projected on how it treats its prisoners' and ever since they started treating their prisoners better and better, and their citizens worse and worse. Probably because it's cheaper...﻿
pro capital punishment﻿
How about hang a murderer right after confirmed guilty in a court of law? they abort babies like there is no tomorrow why not start killing the scum of society so they don't go out and rape more women... you see how the cycle works eliminate the rapists and there will be no need for abortions anymore.﻿
1 argument for that trumps your 5 against, Closer for the victims.  Unless you've lost a loved one to a murderer, you have no idea what that closer will bring to them.  And by the way, these arguments can all be picked apart...pretty weak stuff.  Representation can work in favor of both sides, the cost is inconsistent across the board, depends on a lot of factors, f*ck ups...you made that an argument?  Are we using Wikipedia as our academic source too?﻿
If my brother killed someone, is Ava's argument because you bring personal emotions and feelings into the debate. Naturally, if someone has more skin in the fight they feel stronger towards a side. Killing to prove killing is wrong is a misleading statement here. Youre killing a killer who may kill and harm others again, you're preventing further harm. A baby is as innocent as any human could be. Two opposite ends of the spectrum. No comparison.
In cases in which the convicted is definitely guilty of murder, there should be no dispute, considering that those who do dispute such things probably do not dispute the concept of being paid what they are owed for things otherwise.﻿
so you wouldnt mind that a child molester being released after his prison became your neighbour ?
child moleters don't get life in prison only murders do.
High cost? I will do it for free if you send my way a moron who raped and killed kids.﻿
Hell yeah. Finally an educated person in this comment section. Too many idiotic pussy liberals.
If they receive the death penalty, carry it out. Midnight after being sentenced a .22 in the back of the head. Saves tons of money. The best reason for the death penalty? The cock-sucker will NEVER do it again!﻿
There will be the initial cost but my way is a bullet on the night they're found guilty so no dragging it on forever. Good idea on the bigger ammo. How about we use some of those billion bullets Napolitano bought? lol
This wot save money most money goes to the process before execution like courts,jury and appeals. One more thing a .22 wont do shit best to use 5.56 or .45 :)
"Deterrence" Who cares if their afraid or not certain crimes should have death as the punishment "High Cost" & "Representation" they shows A problem with the system not the punishment. "Botched Executions"  shows A problem with the method of executions not for executions "Innocent Executed"  shows another problem with the system. same argument can be made that we shouldn't imprison people because they could be innocent.﻿
The executioners didn't harm/kill and innocent person, they killed a convicted criminal of murder and gave closure to the victim's family.
That is why the state conducts the trial to determine the death penalty, so their is no vengeance or ill wrath. If a family member of the murdered made the jury's decision or murdered the murderer, then it would be vengeance.
Do you have kids? Cause let me tell you, if some man took my little girl, raped her, then smashed her head in with a rock, you bet I would want him dead, and I would shoot him myself. Or how about baby Brianna's killers. Go look that up on YouTube and tell me those monsters don't deserve death. These are not humans but creatures and creatures get killed.
Population control﻿
I don't believe it's cruel & unusual to put to death someone who has murdered/killed an innocent person.﻿
i don't care what reasons you have aginst the death penalty , if someone kills another , it's only fair to kill them .. can you imagine having someone you know get killed ?! how would you feel knowing who ever did it is still alive ﻿
feed them to the lions and crocs in zoos, thats a plus﻿
Cheaper to behead or use a firing squad﻿
If you kill someone on purpose you should also get killed and if it's not on purpose then the people should look into it and give different sentences for different reasons.﻿
Why don't they just do what they did back then. If they are proven guilty next day take them outside set up a five man firing squad problem solved also no f*ck ups just aim for the head or torso but if they survive just put one more round in there head. Saves us tax payers money ﻿
It still dosent save y'all any money. They most money is jurys and trials and appeals thats like th lead up to the execution
I believe in the death penalty if there is correct justification for the outcome﻿
In most criminal cases seeking justice and retribution are unimportant things. If someone is extremely violent towards living things they are not human and should forfeit their life.﻿
what an obnoxiously long post. i am not reading this.
Maybe I watch to much Game of Thrones but I think people should get beheaded when given the death penalty. ﻿
Naa too quick , if someone say, raped & murdered my wife i'd want to hear him scream in agony , for at least 5 - 10 mins thats just me tho i love my wife .
Make the death penalty quicker for them. The day after the case ends... DEATH!!!﻿
If one day, I have a choice between saving the life of a death row inmate or yours, I'll choose none. I would rather prevent the death of an innocent child.
brian shoemaker. who mentioned food?? let them eat scraps from the bins. maybe theyll just wither away. problem solved..﻿
Woot! My state might readd the death penalty again!
This society is in need to ensuring these bastards never kill again.﻿
Thank you. The thing is we support the victims' families, unlike anti-death penalty people, who support the victimizers and don't give a shit about the murderer's victims.
If someone I loved was raped and or killed, I would want this penalty for their killer. They would deserve nothing less. They did the fucking deed, and they NEED to pay for it. They made the willing to decision to take an innocent persons life. You anti-death penalty people, talk to the loved one of someone who has been murdered, and see how they feel.﻿
I agree with him, those who kill innocent people don't deserve to live.
An eye for an eye, a life for a life. Seems fair to me.﻿
At least some one gets it
The answer is in 3:32 - 3:57. No additional facts are necessary. If your loved one has been a victim, this will make sense to you.
ok
Hey guys I am a liberal! If you rape 390839038298398423 babies, kill 999999999 pregnant mothers, and gargle newborn dicks, you will only be put in jail for life :) Free food, shelter, occasional basketball games in the courtyard. YAAAAAAY ANTI DEATH PENALTY!!!!!........﻿
Well, they deserve it because of the things they did, so that's fair.
I am supporting death sentence to the day I die ﻿
anti death penalty person who wishes death for pro death penalty person .. how ridiculous
Very Well Done! Hope you got an A+! As for the moron below me who says "Death to the Death Penalty"... Well... LOL! I hope the rapists and mass murderers go to your house, or that you get the bill for housing, guarding, and feeding the baby killers of the world... Numpty...﻿
Murder is the illegal taking of life. The death penalty is a justified, legal, systematic taking of life. Murderers and rapists surrender their right to live when they choose to commit such atrocities against society. ﻿
The death penalty is the best way of dealing with the evil scum that destroy lives. DEATH IS JUSTICE If you agree follow me on twitter @deathforcrimes﻿
Death penalty for life !!!﻿
4th. Another lame comparison. You can't help where you live. You live where you can afford but if you go out and murder 10 people, I think everyone can agree that, that is something you have control over and that's the choice you made to break the law. Everyone can't be rehabilitated.
1st, comparing changing poverty to changing a sentence for people who have committed horrible crimes is lame. 2. The death penalty is not what is expensive. It is the unlimited appeals process. There should be only one appeal and then that is it. Richard Ramirez was on death row so long he died of natural causes. That doesn't even make sense. 3rd. Yeah some humans are equal to dogs. You act like a wild animal you should be treated as such
Other countries also don't have the same violent crime we have here in America and your right a fetus is not a baby to me either but millions of people not only believe that but are fighting to make abortion illegal here in America. Give it some years and it might happen
Keeping those asshole's alive so they can kill an inmate that has a lesser sentance or worse a guard. Another person killed becuse this piece of shit did'nt get executed, another kid loses his father because dad was working a double shift at the prison, thats sounds pretty expensive to me. Plus I've seen the data, in the long run it's cheaper to execute them. Personally I think we are to humane about it. Execution's should be public and gruesome, then people will think twice b4 comiting murder!
First off your most likely a privileged person who has never seen a real hanus crime take place! If you do your tune will change quick, trust me. Second by your little peace sign Im guessing you work at Starbuck's, you're a liberal, and you don't understand how much it cost's to keep some of these piece's of shit alive. It's just another cause for you to rally behind. Michigan was the first state to get rid of the death penalty and guess what, they want it back now. I wonder why?
They are not being ''murdered''. Everyone knows their is a death penalty and when you go out and rape and kill children and receive it . . . well I consider that more a form of suicide than ''murder''. It costs 35K - 40K to keep a death row inmate locked up. Why keep them alive? We put dogs down for running wild. The same needs to be done for people The death penalty has been around since the beginning of time. No point in changing it now
Know what's weird? I know democrats who believe in abortion but not the death penalty and Republicans who believe in the death penalty but not abortion. I believe in both and I think we should keep both.
Oh, and let me add, I'm not a democrat or republican. I'm an independent. *The death penalty always comes back to party lines that's why I added that
It's not outdated. Millions of people still believe in the death penalty. I stay in California and ,while the numbers were tight, most people voted to keep it. I'm 25 and I support and believe in it. I know many young people who do
Murdering and killing are not the same thing. Murder is an unlawful and premeditated killing of a human being by another. A kill, is the act of ending the life of someone. Would you consider a cop killing a criminal that's threatening your life a murderer? Would you feel safe, living under a government that is not allowed to take someone who's trying to kill you down? I don't think so.
''Murdering'' murderers. Breaks my heart . . . Those poor, poor murderers. It's right up there with the Genocide in Rwanda and 9/11 on the things that make me sad. Tragic
We need the death penalty in every state. People care more about the criminals than they do about the victims. Getting rid of the death penalty is step one. Before you know it, people are going to be against violent criminals getting life in prison cause it's ''inhumane''.
I believe there is a place for a Death penalty. Some Crimes are so Heinous, so Horrible; That the only responce that We as a CIVILIZED nation have is to "BRING THE MOTHERF...R DOWN". makes sense.
To my opinion, I'd suggest that Capital Punishment should be legalized.
Fine, moron, then you can pay for it.
They can get more drugs than on the street, probably.
If you are a sociopath, you feel NO pain. Get real.
Again, thank you for your common sense. Not all people are worthy of life.
Thank You!!
Thank you Chance for speaking your mind with common sense. I do not want these animals living next door to me or anyone else for that matter.
just be me.
If there is no doubt that the person deserves the death penalty then allow them to be murdered but don't do these pussy excutions that cost way to much money. Take them out back and shoot them in the head. Right after they get the death penalty. It is suppose to be used to detour people from doing these crimes if you are going to keep someone on death row for 20 plus years then it does no good. I don't understand are death penalty as it is now. It is a form of revenge not justice. But that mayThe U.S. Justice Dept are pushing for the death penalty re the Charleston Church shooting. Lets hope they get it, if they do it will send a message to any other murdering fukkers.﻿
Idiot Ian Islop says dont have the death penalty just in case the person being executed is innocent. Ok then lets take Ian's argument even further: Lets REALEASE EVERYBODY IN PRISON JUST IN CASE THEY ARE INNOCENT, RIGHT? WRONG!!!!!﻿
What about the ones that are guilty? They dont get the death penalty either. Bring back capital punishment NOW!!
Hey idiot go learn how to read. I said ''LETS TAKE HISLOPS ARGUMENT EVEN FURTHER AND REALEASE EVERYBODY FROM PRISON JUST IN CASE THEY ARE INNOCENT''. NOT IAN HISLOP SAID LETS RELEASE EVERYONE FROM PRISON. You need reading lessons. Also forget about god. Hes forgotten about you. Instead start concentrating on what matters, like the victims of serious crime. GO VOTE TO BRING BACK CAPITAL PUNISHMENT, LIKE I DID. THEN GO TO READING  CLASSES. IDIOT!!! LOL!!!!
Harriet Harmen is only concerned about capital punishment in case her husband gets the death penalty for claiming expenses on his porno collection ( he tried to claim money back via his wife for his collection of porno material ) This just goes to  show you must NEVER believe a thing this woman says. In view of that I now trust you will all vote to bring back capital punishment right??﻿
Some idiot left a comment saying  capital punishment does not work in any way. It works in the Most important way of all. It stops the fuckers from going out and killing some other poor so and so. so BRING BACK CAPITAL PUNISHMENT NOW!!!!!!!!﻿
I'd vote for the death penalty tomorrow.﻿
congratulation's go to the top of the class.
Hey retardo, several times I have asked you whats wrong with ''revenge''. Still you dont give an answer. Probably because you dont have one. Also, it was YOU that gave that 88 percent figure to ME ( I sent you the actual comment where YOU stated the 88 percent statistic ) not me to you. So in summing up: I say you are completely clinically mental. And should be sectioned under the Mental Health Act. I am still analysing your comments to see if you are actually a danger to society. If I feel you are I should really notify the authorities. I probably will anyway. Keep an eye out for men in white coats and straight jackets.
of course there should be a death penalty. Its a no brainer.﻿
AS MANY AS POSSIBLE I HOPE!!!!
LOL!!! I have come to the conclusion that I am the master of mass debating, YOU are the master of masturbating.
tw@
1. Jesus isn't god, he is the son of god, except he isn't, cos god dont exist. 2. God dont exist ( but if you want to attempt proving he does, go right ahead ) 3. Your stupidity does exist, I have your comments to prove it.
Your just boring and sad. Have a great life in your religious fantasy world. I prefer the real world. Bye.
Take a life, forfeit your own. The only way for a safe society. Denise Bulger agrees. How would you feel if it were your child?﻿
No answer from Daniel Ryan, another one who disregards Bible teaching and wants murderers let loose on our streets. Perhaps he should consider that God wants a safe society for us all, that God is interested in the victims not the perpetrators of crime.
We are discussing capital punishment which is scriptural. If you want to discredit me, prove otherwise. You won't be able to. Jesus was concerned with the Old Testament, he often referred to it and said He came to fulfill the law and the prophets. I wouldn't dismiss the OT if I were you. I think you'll find  the NT says ALL scripture is inspired by God, and this was before the NT was in existence. Now, tell us, what comes before forgiveness?
It seems, as it says in Romans 2 (New Testament) that you may be guilty of what you accuse others, twisting the bible to suit your own agenda? Capital punishment is scriptural. God says it, not I. See my post 6 May which explains why executioners of the state do not commit murder. "Whoever strikes a man so that he dies shall be put to death"....Exodus 21.12. God says it, not I. I am staying on topic, which is - capital punishment.
LOL!!!!!!! With every reply you give me your sounding more and more bizarre and unstable ( do YOU get the urge to kill? Just imagine how ironic THAT would be ) You would make a wonderful case study at a psychiatrists seminar. At least promise me you will see a mental health worker, yes? If not, have a great life. And  DONT HURT ANYBODY!! Bye.
I see you've stopped taking YOUR medication. This must be the reason why you care more about murdering scumabgs, than innocent  victims. Hmmm, its you that's the simpleton I think. Get a brain that works, leave the illegal drugs alone and start thinking properly. FOOL!!!
...and the ones against it think that a rapist, murderer etc etc must not die!  Really...lets protect the monsters of this world, and keep them alive.  Weak people!  Lets continue to overcrowd prisons so that taxpayers can pay for their meals, and accomodation etc etc.... get a grip﻿
In my opinion, death penalty is a justified punishment for people found guilty of severe crimes like mass killing, torturing and raping, assuming the person perpertrating these crimes was of a sound mind at the time of these crimes and shows no signs of regret or improvement... Death penalty acts like a perfect deterrent and prevents such a person from offending again....﻿
I think the death penalty should be reinstated . Because when a criminal takes away the victims freedom then why should the criminal deserve a life when he has taken away someone else's life .
Terrorists like members of the IRA, ISIS, etc should be put before a firing squad & shot or sent to the gallows, just like in the old days. William Joyce was a British Nazi traitor who was hung for treason in WW2.Chopping heads off of a Syrian soldier isn't on. ﻿
I would maintain that execution, if not as a deterrent, functions as a prevention mechanism: even if perhaps applicable only to subjects with explicit goals of future murder who seem immune to rehabilitation.
I cannot agree with "life in prison solves it" - because from almost any angle, it clearly doesn't solve it (and in an alarming number of cases makes things worse).
bring back death p for the fucking leftists﻿
lefties only car about the rights ofvthe criminals
criminals can get away with murder, vandalism , harrasement  vandalism etc etc etc﻿
law is too soft in uk﻿
, rubbish look at countries where they carry out capital punishment, murdes are low
In cases of murder, rape, paedophilia, and treason (including terrorism) the death penalty should be available to the jury in exceptional cases﻿
!} Nobody cares if its a deterrent or not.2) It costs more? Yeah right. A murdering fucker stays in jail for 50 yrs and that's cheaper than him being hanged? 60 seconds? I think you need maths lessons.(3) Cut the death row time. Problem solved.(4) Some murderers are in prison and we KNOW they did it. No guessing. No hearsay. No supposition. THEY DID IT! HANG THE FUCKERS!!!(5 ) YOUR GUILTY OF BEING A DICK HEAD ( Just thought you needed reminding again sorry )
Fuck me your a mental cunt
At the moment I am seriously thinking about wanting capital punishment for dopy cunts like you!!
Yes but what about the  ONES WHO WERE PROVEN THEY DID THE MURDERS YOU STUPID CUNT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
, and how about the cold blooded murders are they not monsters
hmm u seem to be for the murders
She's awesome and hot and capital punishment, God willing, will come back to the UK one day.﻿
Talk about a proper deterrent...¬_¬
Murder is the premeditated, cold blooded killing of the innocent.so if the Birmingham 4 Guildford 6 would of be given the death penalty you are saying the government has murdered them,  well done
It amazes me that so many woolly minded liberal arseholes are still preaching that capital punishment was never a deterrent to murder. Well I beg to differ! As a kid growing up in 50's Britain the knowledge that an execution was taking place had a profound effect on our young impressionable minds, as indeed did the threat of the cane! Of course it didn't work for everyone, but any deterrent is better than non at all as we are now discovering.﻿
Does this prove a correlation between the two? Who can say for sure? The only thing we can say with any certainty is that statistical data alone cannot win the argument for either side. Which brings me back rather nicely to its deterrent value on young, impressionable minds. As it was to me in the 1950's.
Bullshit. The endless appeals are the reason why it costs more. Why on hell will you wait an average of 11 years to put down the murderer?
but all can be punished via the death penalty
if you want to talk about death penalty, I think it clearly should be legal because people have a right to support who they want to live and not live....
Tony Blair abolished the death penalty for treason. I wonder why? Did he know something we didn't? The fact is that it MUST be reintroduced. Our country is currently heaving with seditious vermin who are members of a global child raping slaving cult. The filthy vermin in the mosques and their fanatical followers teach one thing; that they have an OBLIGATION to lie to, undermine, subvert, subjugate and enslave ALL other people. No-one ANYWHERE in the world is safe living near or amongst vermin who regard them and their daughters as prey. WHEREVER Muslims are in numbers they become increasingly violent ALWAYS.﻿
Clearly none of these peoples children have been raped or murdered, if they had im sure there woul be a different saying in the audience.﻿
If a member of my family touched up a kid then ye, take his/her head clean off
Capital punishment can be a deterrent, but that is not it's purpose. It's purpose is to get rid of scum and provide closure to families. Having said that, murder is not always a crime; it depends on whether the person deserves it or not.﻿
Nah I'm just not a lily-livered liberal pussy with political correctness clouding my judgement.
I would love to execute them myself! It would be a dream job, coming up with all the methods and everything! Boiling, acid, human microwave, oh and you gotta have some scientific testing as well, at least to get some use out of them. 
Maybe because I'm not a criminal scumbag? You fucking liberals, man, Jesus fucking Christ.
uk needs to bring back the death penalty in extreme cases. ﻿
PUSSYS! MAKE THE DEATH PENALTY IN ALL 50 STATES﻿
Another brainwashed leftist parroting nonsensical propaganda.
Every murderer should hang for their crime. Think the state shouldn't decide whether someone lives or dies? Those murdering bastards certainly took it upon themselves to do so. Why can't we? Think killing people for killing people is wrong? Then how is any punishment moral?! Think it's cruel? Tell that to the families of children raped, tortured, and murdered by these animals. Firing squad, nitrogen asphyxiation, lethal injection, hanging, all these are more humane than the psychopaths they are used on. Think death penalty is uncivilized? I would call letting killers live to kill more innocent people uncivilized. And why are prisons civilized? It deprives your beloved criminals of their precious freedom!﻿
Liberals also believe that ISIS must be destroyed, aka killed. How many people cheered when Osama bin Laden was killed? It is a double standard to call for the abolishment of the death penalty and killing of ISIS.﻿
Masculine men prefer the death penalty. Higher testosterone individuals tend to favour right-wing ideals, including nationalism and just punishments, whereas effete tend to favour softer values and solutions.﻿
Fuck you. Go suck the dick of a murderer.
LOLOLO NO! We are asking for the death penalty again in our state
I believe the death penalty should be a choice for all criminals serving a sentence of 10years or more for crimes such as; tax evasion, treason, rape, paedophilia, child molestation, acts of terrorism, corruption, kidnapping and murder of the first degree. The method of execution should be as follows either, death by firing squad, death by lethal injection, death by beheading or by being hanged by the neck until dead.﻿
I believe a person who takes the life of another with no remorse should not be given a chance, when the person they killed wasn't given that opportunity﻿
Well I find it wrong to think that all life is equal. An innocent life is worth a lot more then that of a life of a murderer.
works better then oh no jimmy don't rape and murder again slaps wrist and sets fee and i have to agree with OMGUKILLKENNY2, if they kill someone that means their "barbaric" so they should be treated that way. They don't respect life so why should i respect theirs?
i agree with death penalty, i want rapists and killers should be killed! i mean if u just keep them behind bars there just gonna break out again and start there rampage.﻿
Yes that would be bad but what is even worse then that if a friend or family member was raped or killed and that person just gets a small slap on the wrist and gets set free and does it again.False execution is bad but I'll take it over letting criminals keep killing. I would rather one person die out of accident then someone kill 10 people and get away with it and kill more 10 > 1 even if that one is family because all of those 10 could be as well. 
I know right. Should we stop convicting people. Only idiotic liberals are against the death penalty.
I understand what you are saying. But there are people who have spent their entire lives in jail and probably some who have died in there. Let's go hypothetical for a while. I'm sure you agree that someone like the Joker deserves the death penalty. Now there are criminals who view murder the same way he does. The death penalty should only be issues if it's proven beyond a doubt who the criminal is.
And most of them are useless niggers anyway.
A life for a life. The death penalty should only be for murderers, rapists, and child molesters.﻿
If the trail cost is so expensive just put him or her in a room with no food or drink, that cost nothing﻿
Why do people sympathize with murders and rapists? It makes no sense to me.﻿
Then let's fix that problem. DNA, video cameras, and confessions are what we should use for evidence, not eyewitnesses. I know people have been wrongly put to death, but getting rid of the death penalty entirely isn't the solution.
Because these people are morally bankcrupt. Just look at them. Pure filth.
That's why I stated that we should only rely on undeniable evidence. If the system is corrupt, stop their corruption. Don't ban the death penalty where they can still be corrupt. As for if he's poorly represented, there still needs to be solid proof of his crime. There are people out there that we know exactly what they've done and should be put to death. When there is a grey area, don't sentence a man to death.
I support the death penalty but it should be only used on terrorists, spree killers, and serial killers. The best mode of execution is the electric chair.﻿
a hanging is the best or a beheading
I'm totally in favor of the death penalty law. Death penalty is not murder, it is self defense, society has to defend itself against criminals, executed criminals will never murder again. I'm Italian living & working in Singapore, I love it in Singapore, I admire Singapore's discipline & strict death penalty law for criminals & drug traffickers; as a result Singapore is a free drug society & has low crime rate. Death penalty is truly a deterrent to crime. I wish there was death penalty in Italy. Crimes are increasing in countries where there's no death penalty & where jails are like 1st class hotels﻿
if your mother daughter sister or child were raped and brutally murdered I have a feeling some of these people would be singing a different tune﻿
*cough men, all a woman has to do is say rape and he is convicted without proof. and that's only 4% that actuly get the death sentence http://www.pnas.org/content/111/20/7230.full <-- from Stanford University
Do you think the people they killed died painlessly and peacefully? NO so why so their death be painless and humane?﻿
I support the death penalty fuck the liberals﻿
Oh really? Barbaric are the ways that those who receive the Death Penalty MURDERED THEIR VICTIMS. They didn't give their victims the right to live.﻿
the only humane way of executing someone is to convince them they where found innocent then you nuke them when they least expect it... anything else is inhumane and unacceptable... but then again so would randomly nuking places to kill them....﻿
we need to torture them first,i would like to see them fight to the death and that would be fun to watch﻿
0:54 - 1:00 YES SIR!﻿
and the fact that these people care that these murderers or rapist are going through pain means they don't seem to care for the people they have killed and or terrified there entire life.﻿
unless you are dumb or clearly have no fear you won't care but if death is your punishment then most people will think twice before creating a event where they know if they get caught there life will come to an end. people should already know this that if you don't want to get the death penalty you don't do something you know will put your life at stake and thats how simple it is.﻿
Im having a hard time feeling sorry for those who have had botched lethal injections , did you kill your victim in a humane way?﻿
Exactly my thoughts. Those fuckers killed without mercy. Fuck humane executions, I wish we still fry'd those fuckers. If someone raped and killed your family member, do you really think they should continue to exist in this world?
The only goddamn reason that executions are so expensive is be cause we worry too much about being "humane" so we came up with this expensive drug method. Once someone is dead they don't feel shit. Bullets and rope are cheap.﻿
YES!!!! There should be a death penalty if u kill someone u should b killed y should the killer live while the victim or victims are dead it makes no sense & another thing that makes no sense is the ones that do get the death penalty they can sit on death row for yrs & the tax payers have to pay to keep them y not save some money & just kill them within weeks or months of there sentences ﻿
I don't understand why it has to be humane. The people who are given the death penalty probably didn't act humane ﻿
I would also bring public shaming back! Rapist, murderers, pedos, all get regular advertising like a McDonald's commercial. There's an App for that! ﻿
Wish I was president, death row would be completely empty. Take them out back and a bullet to the back of the head. Keep the line moving! I would put the word death really into the " death penalty" these sick monsters sit there for 20 or 30 years on taxpayers dimes. Our leaders don't care they don't pay for it. ﻿
Every opposing person or group of the death penalty are those who have never had to come home to a empty child's bedroom or a cold lonely bed because there husband or wife was murdered by some monster. Put back on the streets for the government agenda of "population control" . I want these confused bias liberals to go speak to the mothers and families of these victims. I tell you what if any of these savages come near my family I have my own Death Penalty. ﻿
Of course thats completely subjective and not my point troll. Stfu
Simple behead them they have easy death and leave rest to Almighty......﻿
European Union only cares about the rights of killers.﻿
Death Penalty is natural punishment for murders!﻿
Death penalty is a YES. ﻿
The only reason the death penalty doesn't scare people in the west is because you sit around in a cell for years before they kill you. It should be you face a judge, and if he decides your guilty than immediately off with your head. If the punish was immediately following the guilty verdict you know darn well people would not commit crimes that they could get killed for.﻿
It's amusing how people think the electric chair is inhumane compared to the current method, lethal injection. Brain death occurs almost instantly from the initial shock. No chemicals to measure, no recipes to screw up. One shock and done. The rest is to stop the heart, which is quite the tough little organ. That said, the death penalty has a place. It is more humane by its very nature than locking somebody in a cage, oftentimes alone, for decades on end. I know I'd rather take a bullet than sit in an eight by six box, alone, for fifty years or more. The death penalty and life without parole are the same punishment, one is just immeasurably more cruel.﻿
hypoxia obviously﻿
Why even bring this up? Of course there should be a death penalty. Like they said you don't have the right to choose who lives and who dies, the government nor criminals. A life for a life seems just about fair tho.﻿
Who the fuck are these people? They think like children who have never seen the real world. It's also interesting that the people here were mostly against it when the opposite is true in the majority of america. ﻿
Like the UK? Crime capital of Europe
why don't they take their organs to save other peoples lives. if you take a life you  have to save many﻿
Molesters, Rapists, Serial Killers and War Criminals all should be punished. In a world that is ever so growing how can we be able to house and feed these people when they have not complied with our laws. Should we waste our tax paying dollars to incarcerate them!? I really don't think so.﻿
Man kills 69 teenagers and stays 21 years in Norwegian hotel prison. He admits hes crimes and doesn't regret and rallies hes fans and talks about killing more people. That seems fair? Some people, even some parents of the victims, said that he will feel bad inside and that's big enough punishment. Whoo let him go!﻿
I mean lethal injection can be a 50/50 chance why not go back to old school firing squads? ﻿
Death Penalty isn't about barbarism or whatsoever. It's about giving the appropriate, and definitive, punishment to someone who commited a murder in cold blood.﻿
I'm from Houston so you know my take on this but just like the Boston bomber I think he should root in jail... The death penalty is an easy out although the waiting for it being on dead row much be brutal﻿
I don't favor the death penalty, but there are some people who do need to be escorted off this planet ASAP! Like those two murderers who victimized the Petit Family in Connecticut. I hope those a**wipes are quickly eliminated.﻿
I don't think the death penalty shoul be seen as a deterent because the people that deserve it probably won't care about it. I don't think it should be a go to but I definatly think there are special cases where it is right. If someone has raped children or murdered a lot of people then there is no use keeping them around.﻿
