I see your point and this would probably work fine with those three examples , but it sets a dangerous precedent . What constitutes undisputable evidence ( for instance) ? These people also have the right to appeal their convictions , so there's no real way to simply execute them and save money ( they appeal and stay in death row for decades ) . Ironically , death row inmates cost significantly more money to the state than a regular inmate and so there really isn't even a monetary benefit to the death penalty . I just want to say I agree with the sentiment , maybe they deserve to die . However , there's no real way to carry that out justly .
The expense for minimizing the percentage of innocents on death row is much more expensive and it's never 0% .
Still cheaper than death row . The ' reasonable doubt ' requirement is a lot stricter for death penalty than life in prison - therefore more cost . Even with that strictness , you still get innocent people sentenced to death .
Fuck the death penalty and anyone who supports it﻿
Murderers deserve to die . The only reason I oppose the death penalty is because innocent people could get killed . ﻿
Very convincing ! I've always been against the death penalty , but you've certainly secured my position ! ﻿
No , it doesn't . It doesn't even make a dent .
How was your comment at all relevant ? You can prove someone in jail is innocent , and they can leave to live their lives . A dead person can't do that .
Wrong .
I can't accept the fact that we will inadverdantly throw some completely innocent lives to be executed along with killers and rapists . Let's abolish the death penalty . ﻿
Yeah , and it's retarded .
I disagree . Death Penalty is dangerous because of an incompetent police force and judiciary . Clearly now because of advances in genome sequencing we can now be more certain of identity . ﻿
Death is too easy for monsters . They should have to suffer for the rest of their lives . It's too bad there is no way to guarantee that the person convicted is guilty . ﻿
I was honestly on the fence about the death penalty . But this video brought up some pretty good points . I guess it's probably better to not have it . However , Idk , I just get the feeling that this channel is kind of manipulative and a little biased . Not a lot has shown me that , but just the way this video and some of there others were made . But besides that , good points . ﻿
One person commented that it is a shame folks across the political spectrum are not unified . Well , in Kentucky we are and if you are from Kentucky and want to join the growing number of folks across all faiths and political entities , then visit the website of the Kentucky Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty and sign up to become part of the movement and someone who will make history soon when we abolish it in Kentucky : www.kcadp.org . I look forward to hearing from you . And congrats on this video . Well done . ﻿
Good points . Do you really want to give the death penalty option to the same institution that gave us Cash for Clunkers ? ﻿
Such as ?
And I'm sure people will object to that as well . I'm not sure if I would personally because I don't understand the scope of them , but still .
You got me there . Self defense didn't occur to me . I don't believe prisons should ' confine and brainwash . ' I believe they should rehabilitate people , and study them to learn more about mental issues / disease , so that we can better combat them . How is a soldier's death in being electrocuted alive / injected with a needle any more dignifying than living out the rest of your days peacefully in a prison , because you refuse to stop harming society ?
If the state can just innocently execute 1 man . Say 1 out of 1000 or even 1 out of 10 , 000 , then I say it is STILL not justifiable and must be abolished . We already know of plenty cases where people were exonerated in the past decades after being proven innocent , how many people were already executed when they were in fact innocent ? There is no excuse , lock them up for life and outlaw the death penalty . Scientific studies have already shown that stricter laws in states where the death penalty is a punishment do not deter people from killing .
" Accidents happen " Wow that is not okay when it comes to human lives and when you could easily prevent it ..
I could not agree more﻿
can go wrong but it's much more rare because it's a far more consistent process . And is more ethical because it's far quicker . However no death penalty is acceptable as stated by the video because it's not worth the innocent people who will be killed .
The problem I see is that the so called " justice system " is flawed . The cops , detectives , forensics , lawyers and judges all participate in a system that unjustly convicts innocent people . Are you saying that none of these people at any point could figure out the innocent people were actually innocent . The problem is in the system , not so much the punishment . If people's biases due to race , class , religion , gender , hatred , revenge , etc . can be removed from the process and replaced with facts , maybe it would work as intended . Until then , good luck to anyone who gets dragged into that rat's nest . ﻿
Sounds like a real moron .
And death penalty , due to the legal system and I guess the finality of its verdict , is also extremely expensive , more expensive than the alternatives ... so really , argument for death penalty an entirely emotional one . ﻿
I agree with this video . Shame the people who aren't crazy tough on justice types are spread out all across the political spectrum and not unified . ﻿
Do you believe that once someone is sentenced they should be shot the next day ? What is your opinion on this ?
I've already pointed out that I don't care about cost when it comes to these issues . However yes it does cost more even without the appeals process . You have the court case that leads up to the death penalty conviction costing more ( lawyers/psychologists , etc ) . Even than this appeals process is important since in some US states up to 90% of death row inmates in recent history have been found innocent .
Plain and simply put the state should not be killing it's own citizens , especially when proving 100% guilt is almost impossible . ﻿
That's not the specific problem I have with it . Its really that I , 1 ) would rather not see a state apparatus for killing people exist , and 2 ) I'd rather have the worst beings on earth live out their days in prison that risk executing in error even a single innocent person .
That's not true at all , humans including judges are prone to error because of sociobiological intuitive responses . Why is there widespread support for the minimum wage ? Why are so many people against immigration ? Because people are ingrained with biases . Two judges can easily reach the same wrong conclusions and it's the jury that comes to the conclusion anyways .
we believe in Hell ( a stupid concept ) .
Taking a life when a life is taken is revenge , not justice . ﻿
If it is wrong for the individual to do anything is wrong for the group to do anything and the government is just a group . Murder is murder . It is always wrong . ﻿
Well you let them sit in prison where they aren't a threat to society .
Because the system has proven that it can't tell the difference between guilt and innocence in all cases
100% accuracy is an difficult goal to achieve . Even a 95% accuracy rating means that 1 in 20 criminals will not deserve their fate . I guess we just need to live with our serial killers or pay for their lives in jail .
Yeah , but this wasn't about euthanasia . This is about Killing innocents VS Jailing innocents . Killing them will always be worse , because regardless of anybody's opinion on the Value of A & B . If C = 0 , A & B will automatically become 0 .
America still in meidevil times﻿
what how to go back 200 years in time ?
The death penalty is a complete waste and should be abolished﻿
Heck yeah . Here in Texas , we don't even care if they're guilty before we execute them . There's been at least five in the last 20 years that we're almost certain were innocent . Michael Morton was on death row 25 years before they finally figured out the Williamson County prosecutor was a lying sack of shit hell bent on racking up convictions and let him go . If they'd had that express-lane thing , they could have just buried the truth along with Mr. Morton and nobody would been the wiser . We don't really go for " wise " all that much in Texas . Makes people feel funny . ﻿
I'd be for the death penalty if Justice were not simply a human and therefore ' erred system . Because some motherfuckers need to die . ﻿
against the death penalty myself . not for the normal reasons though . Basicly , I think putting someone to death is too easy on them . one quick needle and its painlessly over . I say keep em alive where we can properly punish them . Maybe send them to a prison famous for big guys named Bubba or something . We don't know if there is a afterlife to punish them for sure , but we sure as hell know we can punish them here .
A civilized society doesn't kill the insane or retarded . To brag about it , go to Iran .
I do not see what is so glorious about killing people ? When mistakes are made , it can not be undone . Why aren't corrupt politicians executed for allowing innocent people to be put to death ? They murdered an innocent person .
For what it worth , I am not in favor of capital punishment either . It stupid and barbaric , as well as to expensive , believe it , or not .
That's dumb . BTW capital punishment to be more expensive .
Dear not funny comedian : California also has capital punishment . Find a dictionary and look up the the word research .
not if you kill a incident person , which often happens .
let's see , so you don't care if capital punishment works , or not ? Or the fact that many incident people have been killed over the the years ? Your not thinking clearly at all .
You need to kill someone to show that killing a child is wrong ? If the United states is so smart , Why is your crime and murder rate so high . And Canada's is very low ? One more thing , why does the United States end up killing the wrong person so often ? Maybe Canada's not so dumb after all .
I too am tired of all these innocent people being murdered . Texas has killed countless people later proven to be innocent . I say we killed all the texans who not only indorse but pay for this to happen . I'm glad me and the Texans understand each other so well . Moronic hicks .
I can't speak for the others who are against the death penalty but the main reason I'm against it is because innocent people have been condemned to death , and watch the documentary " The Last Word " in which the man who was put to death got screwed over by the District Attorney in texas and the medical examiner who withheld and tampered with crucial evidence that could've saved the man's life , just so they could get a conviction . Death Penalty isn't foolproof .
Lock him up for life , so he can get raped by Bubba and his other butt buddies . So , every time he sits down , he'll think about why he's in there . He will wish he was dead .
Alright , I can play that game too you small minded , tunnel visioned little pin head brained jerk . How's that ! Crawl out of your shell and start reading about the whole subject , jackass , and factor in EVERYTHING , moron , like law enforcement , prosecution costs and other unavoidable costs and necessary legal protections ( that protect YOU as well ) that I'm too exhausted by your stupidity to tell you . You're too obtuse to argue with any further so I'm done with you , you imbecile .
These FACTS sound illogical to you because you don't know the meaning of reasoned thinking . If you " can't even begin to describe how﻿ illogical " it sounds then you're incapable of reasoned thought because those statements are an expression of studied fact . They sound illogical to you because you cannot grasp their self evident meaning . You probably don't understand what you just read here either ... so why did I even bother ? The last question was rhetorical ! ( Look it up in a dictionary . )
by killing the murderer u are only taking another person away from their family . how would u feel if one of your family members got the death penalty
I get where your coming from when you see these stuff you think some people need to die . But your wrong , it's no deterrent
Um if we keep them alive I don't see why we should kill them . If you didn't want that guy to reoffend don't release him . Life without parole exists you know . There's a middle way the question sin't should we release him or kill him
Right . So he shouldn't get the death penalty case closed
I am against the death penalty . Is a legalized murder . It's revenge of the State . This law is immoral . ﻿
" Thou shall not kill " You're murdering someone when they're given the death penalty . Hypocrites . ﻿
Is there something wrong with the thinking that a person is taught that killing is wrong but the death penalty seems to justify ending a person's life . like how can the government say that killing is wrong and then go do the same thing . I don't understand . People tell me there is a difference between the definitions of murder and killing and it seems to be true but how different are the two if they end in the same result . I plan to write a paper about this one day , so please respond and let me know what you think . ﻿
Well it depends . Assuming he isn't mental or had an abusive background , and he was 100% doing this of his own will a life sentence of at least 20 years must be given . But is the serial killing was especially gruesome or towards children or elderly life imprisonment without parole could be a good option . ( That would be a bigger punishment than capital punishment , in fact in America an inmate killed his fellow inmate to ensure he got capital punishment )
`It isn't self-defence . With the death penalty you have them at your mercy and they can spend their life in prison ( which can be a bigger punishment ) but you chose to kill them
Fuck the death penalty ! ░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░▄▄▄▄█▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀██░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░▄███▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄█▄▄▄░░░░░░░ ▄▀▀░█░░░░▀█▄▀▄▀██████░▀█▄▀▄▀████▀░░░░░░░ █░░░█░░░░░░▀█▄█▄███▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░▀▀▄░░░░░ █░░░█░▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀░░░█░░░░ █░░░▀█░░█░░░░▄░░░░▄░░░░░▀███▀░░░░░░░█░░░ █░░░░█░░▀▄░░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█▀▄░░ ░▀▄▄▀░░░░░▀▀▄▄▄░░░░░░░▄▄▄▀░▀▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░█░░ ░█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░ ░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄██░░░░ ░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░▀█░░ █▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀█ █░░█▀▄ █▀▀ █▀█ █░░░░█░▄░█ █ ▀█▀ █░█░░█ ▀█▀░█ █░░█░█ █▀▀ █▀█ █░░░░▀▄▀▄▀ █ ░█░ █▀█░░█ ░█░░█ █░░▀▀░ ▀▀▀ ▀░▀ ▀▀▀░░░▀░▀░ ▀ ░▀░ ▀░▀░░▀ ░▀░░█﻿
I live in France where death penalty was abolished by Mitterand in 1981 along with homosexuality being considered as a medical illness . So glad . ﻿
What about hypocrisy ? " We're gonna show that murder is wrong by murdering people " . Great message there , guys . ﻿
Punishments are given so that the person being punished learns something from them . Death is final , so really ... death totally fails as a punishment . It's really only done so that people can feel some kind of sick satisfaction at another human's death .
dude I'm totally with you against Death Penalty ... I was talking to that other guy
Oh , I did not realise that , sorry . ^^ ;
There's no death penalty in Australia . Thank goodness . Hopefully America will soon follow . :) ﻿
I agree with your video i just wish there were sources to back yourself up﻿
The death penalty is murder . What gives us the right to take a life ? The Bible states " You shall not kill " there's no " unless " . I'm NOT in favor of the death penalty and never will be . Peace . ﻿
I'm so glad that we in europe are intelligent enough that there is ( excluding Belarus ) no country in europe that still has the death penalty ! It is clear that it is against the basic human rights and that is doesn't serve a purpose ! ﻿
Amen
Luckily Belarus dosen't even use it that much at all compared to America or other unintelligent countries
What a rubbish reply
Take what
What ? You're making no sense
The only extreme left wing countries now are China , Cuba , Laos , and Vietnam . They all have the death penalty
Even without the risk of killing the wrong guy , I think it's wrong to kill somebody out of vengeance . It doesn't help bring any victim back , it shouldn't provide any satisfaction to victim's loved ones , and it doesn't make our society any safer . The lack of compassion people have for prisoners is astounding . The fact that a nation like the United States can't begin to make a push towards prison rehabilitation boggles the mind . ﻿
Like I said The death penalty is just vengeance wrapped up in a pretty bow and called justice Glad I live in the UK where it's abolished
Germany has had a very low homicide rate , especially if you discount the refugees , who haven't been reconstructed into law abiding citizens .
Superman , no they are not the same thing , but murder is murder . Make them suffer for life in prison . Then the family will have justice , there will never be closure for their family whether the killer is killed or not . Some people are too eager to kill the killer , those ppl are idiots ! What if they killed an innocent person and find out years later it was someone else that murdered the victim ???!!! ﻿
The fact of the matter is that the death penalty is just illogical . Killing to show that killing is wrong just doesn't make sense . If your brother killed a person would you gladly support his execution to give his victims family closure , there is a flip side to every coin my friend
number 4 the government doesn't pay shit the tax payers do WE DO TO END LIFE'S OF INNOCENT !! ﻿
One of my arguments is that death is a easy way to escape true punishment , as they be released from isolation and danger that will most likely happen in prisons . ﻿
I believe execution still exists , it's antiquated and barbaric . No , I don't condone the practice . ﻿
Number 1 is exactly why the death penalty shouldn't be legal ! When someone is wrongfully executed for a crime they did not commit , it is everyone's responsibility to pay for the error and look for the real killer ! Don't make accusations or jump to conclusions until all the facts are in ! ﻿
I am against at all costs . ﻿
Did you ever hear of a Life Sentence ?
what do you mean " his prison became your neighbour " ?
Over here in Hong Kong we don't have death penalty fortunately . ﻿
Another outstandingly good video . : relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed : ﻿
The government kills people who kill people , because killing people is bad . LOGIC﻿
Killing people to show that killing is wrong is just illogical Personally I don't want to believe that I would be happier having known that another human has been killed . No matter what they've done . It's just wrath and vengeance wrapped up in a pretty bow and called justice
Generally , I am against the death penalty . I understand why people are for it , but I feel that it is hypocritical to kill someone for killing someone . I might feel differently if someone I loved was murdered , but hopefully I never have to find out . ﻿
just cut their hands off then they will feel the pain of stealing or murder﻿
If someone killed someone I love of course I would want the mother fucker to die but that's why it's not up to me there's a process which is so often is flawed . If the wrong person is killed then that's murder .
it's you who made a complete fool of yourself on multiple occasions and can't admit it .
Yep I failed at making you smarter but not at outsmarting you . However since you aren't gonna get smarter you're waisting my time so LEAVE
Instead of those sentenced to death , they should be used as laboratory experiments for government use as actual human test subjects . It may not be constitutional but neither is the NSA tap wiring into our homes﻿
Death penalty to the death penalty ! ﻿
Why would the death penalty deter someone who thinks that they will not be caught ? ﻿
It's a deterrent It objectively isn't . Your position is invalid . USA executes loads of criminals yet it's homicide rate is one of the highest of all developed nations . ﻿
Very dangerous woman . ﻿
Priti Patel is a dizzy motherfucker . How the fuck is this bimbo a M . P﻿
If someone is found to be innocent then they can be released and compensated . Capital punishment is final , you can't give an innocent their life back once you've fucking killed them .
Yeah again your entire argument is just revenge which has no economic or social benefits other than to make the family of the dead . " Less angry " . Oh lol I still love how you made up that 88% statistic lol . Because in truth or scientific data goes against you . You just cannot accept it ..
Society is just a group of people who are required to abide by a set of rules . Those who don't wish to abide by these rules and break them are simply just removed from this society and taken to a place called jail . I don't understand what more their is to discuss or why you need to make it anymore complicated . Those who support the death penalty state that it acts as a deterrent ! Well , if you want a deterrent then why not just use torture as the punishment for the crime . ﻿
I am against the death penalty . Is a legalized murder . It's revenge of the State . This law is immoral . ﻿
Anybody who supports this is either a moron or very ignorant . ﻿
Ha ! Is that why Jesus went and sat with the sinners ? I think it's you who's disregarding Biblical teaching . As far as I'm concerned a lot of the bible deals with forgiveness ? Or , are you one of them who is just concerned with the Old Testament ? Christian , my arse .
I'm not dismissing the Old Testament . Like I've said before ' Thou shall not kill ' . Why is it that this particular Commandment can be bent but one such as ' Thou shall not commit adultery ' can't ? Pardon me , but I think it more immoral for someone to kill someone ( whether it be the state or not ) than if they gossiped a little bit ( Thou shall not bear false witness ) but seeing as so many Christians tend to bend the Bible to their own liking and to fit their agenda ( Westboro Baptist Church for example ) it's little wonder that in certain places , say certain American states , you can still be jailed for " Sodomy " but you're okay to get the lethal injection .
Conservatives should be made to watch " Making a murderer " on netflix . ABSOLUTE PROOF will never exist
True , or just watch Minority Report , even Tom Cruise knows , that's how obvious it is .
Priti Patel is thick . If capital punishment was a deterrent then nobody would have been executed .
Murdering in order to show intolarance of murder ... hmmmm . ﻿
And the terrifying thing is that the stupid Priti Patel , who cannot in any way justify her ludicrous and reactionary opinions , is now a minister in the British government ! ﻿
must say uk has come a long way , the very country that introduced hanging to its colonies ' and hanged people who rebelled againts british rule﻿
The conservatives make me sick . ' They choose to commit the crimes ' . What about mental illnesses ? Oh wait , sorry I forgot that the conservative don't care about mental health . All they care about is money , they don't give a shit about what the British people want . I can't help but ask myself : WTF is wrong with people ? Why would you vote for these money grabbing honkeys ? ﻿
So much ignorance about mental illness during this debate . ' It makes them think twice . ' Really ? How about you think twice why these people do these things in the first place . It's not on a whim just because you want to do something horrible to another person . What about if they're high on drugs or mentally ill . To say it's a deterrent is the most staggeringly ignorant thing you can possibly say on this subject . ﻿
I'm against the death penalty for many reasons . First , it doesn't get to the root of them problem and fix the causes that compel them to a crime . Second , if the threat of going to jail doesn't deter someone from a crime , then how would the threat of killing them be any more effective . Third , it's possible for people to be killed who have never committed the crime . But most importantly , it sends the wrong message . It says " It's not okay for you as a citizen to kill someone , but it's okay for the government to kill you . " ﻿
Priti Patel is a plonker . The US has almost four times the murder rate of the UK . Does the death penalty act as a deterrent there ? ﻿
Death penalty is a thing of the dark ages . ﻿
Priti Patel MP would change her tune if it was someone she knew/loved who was sentenced to death . Not only is the death penalty not a deterent , it is an hipocrisy . Families of murder victims have been found to be disatisfied after the execution of the perpetrator - no matter how much they wanted it - because there is nowhere left to direct their anger . ﻿
Considering that untouchable politicians have skeletons in their closests as well as the endless controversy surrounding westminster , I for one don't feel confortable or 100% confident with who they choose who gets to live and who gets to die . ﻿
Rather ironically the only person i would approve for capital punishment is priti patel . ﻿
It worries me that we elect people like Priti Patel . She bases her support of capital punishment on a deterrent effect . She needs to familiarise herself with facts . There is a massive amount of evidence to suggest that it does not have any deterrent effect . ﻿
I see common sense isn't your strongest suit . So by your logic , the UK and Europe would have higher murder rates than America . Looking at it in another way , by your logic ( and please give evidence ) would you say that seeing as Texas puts the most people to death , are you saying therefore that it has the lowest murder rates in the U.S. ?
The state murdering it's own citizens is a long slippery and dangerous road to go down . ﻿
In my country of Canada , the last executions were over 50 years ago . Capital punishment is barbaric . ﻿
1 ) it's not a deterrent 2 ) it costs more 3 ) It doesn't help clear prisons , because the long legal battle after the sentence keeps prisoners on death row for a long time 4 ) it is always possible to KILL AN INNOCENT PERSON under this justice system How anybody can support it is completely beyond me ! To think this woman has a position in the cabinet now is terrifying ! ﻿
Bloody hell . This woman's a monster . ﻿
But that's his point isn't it , that she is as monstrous as the murderers themselves as she's really , advocating a different type of murder .
It's scary that she's the DWP minister now . Capital punishment as a deterrent ? Very dangerous thinking indeed . Could turn a crime of passion , for instance , into several more crimes of desperation . Thoughtless input from the wicked tory battleaxe . ﻿
I don't understand the death penalty , surely it is the easy way out for criminals because if they are dead then they won't be around to suffer for their crimes and receive a punishment . I also don't think it would prevent anyone from committing a crime worthy of capital punishment as they would most likely happen out of anger and so they will not think or even care about the consequences at the time . ﻿
Not that I support death penalty , but I am surprised that people who debate in favour of it in the video failed to point out that death penalty would actually prevent the crime from happening in the first place which would rule out innocent victims . I think that would have been the most obvious argument against those who oppose capital punishment due to the potential of sending someone innocent to the death row . ﻿
If you support the death penalty you also ( intentionally or not ) support the execution of innocent people . Justify that . What if you find yourself on death row for a crime you didn't commit are you going to say " Oh well , at least they're right most of the time , I'm a worthy sacrifice " ﻿
Cool story bro .
The utter stupidity and willful ignorance of Priti and other death penalty advocates is just staggering . They throw out nonsense that has no scientific basis , like claiming it works as a deterrent , nor has any common sense basis since the most heinous crimes where you would apply it to are done out of sheer irrational rage or mental instability or by socio/psyhcopaths . Anybody who thinks somebody rapes and murders a child or slices a human being in pieces to eat it is rational and if only he wouldn't risk prison but the death penalty , then he wouldn't do it , probably needs some psychological evaluation themselves .. ﻿
state sponsored murder is still murder , you might think you can justify it , but you can not , no justice system is 100 accurate , miscarriages will happen , you are the monster you deny . the death penalty is an act of a tyrant . a true Justice system should be about justice never revenge .
I agree .
DNA isn't 100% accurate and can get contaminated .
There is no need for the death penalty in England . You only have what ? 800 murders a year ? Just lock them up for life so that they cant kill again . That way , if there has been a miscarriage of justice at least no innocent person has died . In any case , we need murders , natural disasters , suicides , wars , diseases etc otherwise the world would be overpopulated by now . ﻿
Except that many countries without the death penalty have lower murder rates than ones that do . There's really no evidence that it deters crime . Multiple studies have shown this .
Fact is the death penalty costs more ( so you can use ' oh we tax payers have to pay to keep them in prison ) because of the longer process of ensuring its the right decision . It does not reduce crime rates what so ever , do you think the average person is likely to rape , beat or murder someone ? Those are people who do it in the heat of the moment ( anger ) , under the influence of drugs/alcohol or suffer from mental illnesses . ﻿
Priti Patel view is ; -'shot first , ask questions when the flies start taking interest ' As for crime , we have a deterrent , its called the Prison , and that rarely works . The justice system is run by humans , judges are human , lawyers are often sub-human , and the justice system gets it wrong , sometimes terribly , and the guilty walk . We only need to look at our political and corporate elite to see that . ﻿
It is obvious that no moral argument is going to sway the hangers , floggers , and bashers , so perhaps change of tack is needed ? I propose , that the names and addresses of Death Penalty supporters be kept in a register , and should it be reinstated , every time an innocent person gets the chop , a dozen or so randomly selected people on this list should be forced to meet the victim's family face-to-face , negotiate a price for the victim's life , and compensate them with the agreed amount out of their own pockets . What's the betting that as soon as money is involved , all of a sudden they will acquire some principles , and life imprisonment will be the preferred option ? ﻿
Why do people murder ? For profit- so they know the risks involved . In passion- done without aforethought . Or by compulsion- so it cannot be controlled . None of these reasons would be at all affected by a ' deterrent ' . ﻿
I think life in solitary is actually worse . Whether you believe in an afterlife or not , years of boredom first is a good punishment .
Calm down , it's only an idea . I don't believe in the death penalty anyway so that's the alternative .
piri patel , what a disgusting person , hope when someone she loves faces a death penalty say in Pakistan she changes her tune , ﻿
Pitel's fear mongering is the same type of platitudes voiced by the American conservatives who favor capital punishment . If it worked as a " deterrent " Texas which has the highest number of executions would have the least number of murders . Yet it has some of the highest numbers violent crime and murder in the entire US . As an American I wish we would abolish a nonsensical law based not on jurisprudence but on a primordial sense of vengeance . ﻿
And if one of your children was convicted and put on death row ....
Obviously , Patel wants the death penalty back , as a lobbyist for tobacco companies , she likes dealing out death . ﻿
The only people in favour of the death penalty are these hardballing , yuppie types who think they're too clever by half . A little knowledge is a dangerous thing .. how can you show someone , who dismisses anything they don't agree with , the error of their ways ? Ignorance is bliss . ﻿
" if you kill a shithead you should get the world's applause . " If you believe that then why don't you put it into practice and kill yourself ?
Very well put , and I'd like to add my pov : 1 ) Every kill/murder should obviously never be met with equal terms ; gangster killing gangster vs . anyone killling child etc 2 ) Adding to above , even if you get thrown in Death Row there should be about 1 hour beating with real physical harm before the fact . 3 ) My final option is : no death penalty for anyone , but that beating I mentioned already and then absolute incarcerated sentence ( to every criminal ) WITH possibility of suicide any given time ( ever-present cyanide capsule or sotn )
Yes﻿
To people that are pro death penalty to me killing and murdering are practically the same thing , They both end in the same results a dead person . None are good and both are humane . If you kill the person that murdered you are no better than them﻿
* inhumane P
It's not a decision they are permitted to make . it is inhumane and cruel , and by just thinking that it is already to KILL does crimes you are sitting yourself up and making yourself worst that the crimes themself . tell me this what if the crime is innocent or would like to change in the near future ? ﻿
you did not give live so why take it .
ABOLISH THE DEATH PENALTY ! ﻿
You are nothing but a PO : hankey : .
So many fucking idiots in the comments section , anyone else see the fundamental flaw in the concept of killing someone to demonstrate that killing is bad ? It's both barbaric and primitive to execute anyone , we're in the 21st century , not 10,000 BC , there's other ways to punish and deter . ﻿
Newsflash . Many people executed were never guilty in the first place .
yeah 4% , from what we know . you wouldn't want to be in that percentage and I'm sure you wouldn't want a friend or family member of yours to be in that one either . Abolish the barbaric death penalty . My arguments are based on facts , not opinion .
A lot of people are wrongful convicted﻿
if an innocent person is put to death and later on new evidence is found which proves they're innocent , they can't be released because they are dead
I don't think anyone sympathises with them , but sometimes innocent people are wrongly convicted
what if the poor guy is poorly represented . What if the officers/juries were corrupted . There are a long list of things that could happen and take away an innocent life . I would rather lock up thousands of murderers and save this poor man . There is no way to prevent innocents getting killed as long as there is death penalty .
Capital punishment is wrong , nothing more than planned ritualistic murder , nothing more than modern day human sacrifice . when a weapon is used to destroy someone , the weapon has to be destroyed , and that should include the state that causes another murder to happen . The worst capital punishment is the executions carried by governments in public that are so subtle and secret it looks like an accident . ﻿
Innocent people get convicted for crimes they did not commit
Logic " let's murder someone because they murdered someone " ﻿
What about people who are wrongfully convicted
The death penalty does not reduce crime rates . People who have committed heinous crimes often have people who love them , who haven't done anything wrong . Why should they lose their loved one ? The death penalty is outdated and barbaric . I'm surprised it's still even legal in a first world country like America . ﻿
The devil loves capital punishment and God hates it !!! Capital punishment is the work of the devil !!! ﻿
No !!!!! the death penalty is not a way of justice , life in prison is the right choice !!! Killing another person just makes the other person just as bad and if everyone believed in capital punishment then the family of the death row in inmates would want death row for the people who are doing the excursion and then it goes on and on and that is not justice that is violent and that is what the devil wants not God﻿
“ The State is not God . It has not the right to take away what it cannot restore when it wants to . ” ― Anton Chekhov﻿
The law should always be stacked in favor of the innocent , including the wrongly accused . Sadly this means keeping some seriously fucked up parasites alive , because there is always a chance that a prisoner was indeed innocent , and this fact should trump all others . That is my take at least . ﻿
No ! Do you know why ? Because it's considered murder ﻿
Death penalty is such an ignorant response to crime . It does not do to solve a problem by suggesting the problem itself as a solution . It is teaching the people that it is okay for the government to do such things , but not for the people , which completely diminishes the point of the morality ' do not commit sins/crimes . ' ﻿
Reasons why I'm against the death penalty : A ) Innocent people are killed ( 5/100 on average in America ) B ) It's proven not to reduce crime in the area , so is not effective in preventing crime C ) Wheres the line drawn between life sentence and execution ( one brutal killing cutting a kid open vs 5 shootings which is worse ) D ) Ethnic minorities are more likely than whites to be executed for the same crime E ) Wealthy are less likely to get executed than the poor ( quality of lawyer should not determine life or death ) F ) ' Killing those who kill to teach them a lesson ' is hypocritical in itself G ) it's becomes a matter of revenge not justice H ) is more expensive﻿
3:26 Is it a coincidence that those who support death penalty mostly look just like mass murderers themselves ? ﻿
Of course you are leaving out the facts that there are times the Victims Families supported a Life Sentence over the Death Penalty .
The Death Penalty is a Government over reach of power . The Countries in Latin America punish Murderers the best they make sure they get theirs but those Countries unlike the U.S knows that using the Death Penalty is an abuse of Government power .
If an individual does not have the right to kill someone then how can we extend a right we don't have to the government ? The only time it is okay to kill is in defense of ones own life . Also if we were to be attacked by another country , but we cease once they have fled our country . Not go over seas and pick fights . ﻿
Why do we kill people to show people that killing is bad ? Does not make any sense at all﻿
i think its should be the criminals rights to choose to either to kill himself or not . Not others﻿
What about reintegrating them into the communities again like Finland , Sweden and Norway which have the lowest return criminals in the world . If I spent 20 years in jail and came out with a bunch of new technology I'd most likely not get a job then turn back to robbing people for survival . Where is Baltic states you are brought up with new tech , they teach you traits etc . ﻿
The only reason why I'm against the death penalty is that there has been innocent(meaning new technology shows that they did not do it ) put to death . ﻿
Why do americans defend their government having the right to execute them whenever they see it fit ? ﻿
But , most of the World doesn't have the Death Penalty .
Just look at the list which other countries also have death penalty ... USA did a good job again being on a list with North Korea and Saudi Arabia . BTW , the evil evil Russia doesnt have capital punishment .... But who cares about that , when you know whos the real evil , right ?.... ﻿
There are innocent people on death row , that's why I am against it . ﻿
