locking up someone for thirty years is injustice. The person can't get back the time that they've lost in prison. No amount of money is able to compensate that.﻿
but what's the alternative? Imprisonment is incredibly expensive, especially if it is for life.﻿
Ostracize them. If they give consent, tattoo their crime across their forehead, take their bio-metrics and add them to a blacklist describing their crimes and then let them back into the community. If they don't agree to that I'm sure members of the community will gladly show them the way out of town and warn surrounding communities of the threat headed their way. To be shunned by friends, family and community in addition to every employer turning them away is a punishment worse than death in many ways.
that's actually pretty good. That'd keep anyone from committing crimes any day. And if there's been a mistake, at least it's easier to clean up than a death penalty.
but what's the alternative? Imprisonment is incredibly expensive, especially if it is for life.﻿
but what's the alternative? Imprisonment is incredibly expensive, especially if it is for life.﻿
Intriguing. What do you imagine that market death penalty system would look like?
"We can't compensate for [mistaken executions] the way we do with mistaken imprisonment." Oh, I didn't realize the government had a magic time machine they used to give back the years lost to people mistakenly imprisoned. This video has the feel of something a pre-teen would argue. Logic-less. Inane. Not at all academic. There are plenty of good arguments both for and against capital punishment. This video makes a mockery out of them all. Like it's a poor Saturday Night Live skit mocking Learn Liberty. Truly disappointing.﻿
or you could just notmbe an idiot and not get involved in shady shit.﻿
I Am Crying So Hard Right Now I Mean An 11 Year Old Girl﻿
Well this was a waist of a YouTube commercial ﻿
What's this song?﻿
Getting rid of the death penalty isn't going to save people from being wrongfully imprisoned. You might want to find a better argument.﻿
Carlos Hernandez was guilty, Carlos de-Luna was the innocent one in that case﻿
The Sweet Death Penalty http://www.gosto.org/#DeathPenalty﻿
Of course the death penalty isn't a deterrent. It takes 20 to 30 years to be put to death. The news doesn't report a murder that is soon followed by a trial and execution. The only time the media reports an execution, you can be sure that the crime and trial happened decades earlier. The threat of execution just isn't real enough. It's like the threat of dying from cancer 30 years down the road isn't real to a smoker. If you died months after smoking, not a single person would smoke (unless they had a death wish).﻿
WHO WILL PROTECT THE PUBLIC WHEN THE POLICE/GOVERNMENT BREAK THE LAW!!! "FUCK THE WORL AND THE GOVERNMENT TOO"﻿
You guys realize people have reasons why they do the things they do. Understanding is key to fighting wrong doing.﻿
the problem is with the investigation not the punishment.﻿
Maybe he made a mistake. It's not like he would have done his job differently if there was no death penalty. It just means that his fallibility has graver consequences.
It wasn't "a" mistake. It was THOUSANDS of "mistakes", again and again and again. Except strangely the "mistakes" only gave false positives, never false negatives.
This was the worst and most biased video I have see from learn liberty. The whole video was a display of the injustice in a justice system. It made no arguement for liberty. Only that the "justice system" did not provide justice two individuals and there was no discussion of liberty.﻿
you could make this argument about any legal action﻿
Life sentences?
The point is Gov't can't be perfect. It can't even be " good "Throwing money to the issue won't solve anything. Better Training, more money, better infrastructure, more money, asking the second most death-friendly country (China) for help, etc. Won't ever be perfect. With stakes as high as... you know... life running risks isn't smart, but criminal. ... unless of course, you are a fan of Russian Roulette.
Well... no civilized, free nation, at least...
Haha! If you're going to use an objective definition you'd have to execute all of the CIA and most of the former presidents.
I can imagine government gradually widen the definition of terrorism to make use of it.
It costs way too much money to keep someone in prison for life.﻿
Lethal injections are more efficient and quicker than firing squads? Are you serious?
sure, getting shot is rarely an instant painless death. In  the military, when someone is executed by firing squad they almost never die instantly and have to suffer until someone puts the final bullet in their head.
out of the $250M, how much do you think California can save by using firing squad?
I said the whole system needs to be reformed in order to lower the costs. Transitioning to firing squads was just one of the reforms.
Hey, I'm going to have to write a paper for a basic philosophy class about the death penalty. We are STRONGLY encouraged to frame the argument in the idea of retributism . Both of these arguements had failed to hold against the concept of retributivism, can anyone please explain why it's wrong in that sense?﻿
The very error is in the name - "Penalty". Prisons should be a means of isolating dangerous people to protect the rest of society, not punishment. It's a huge waste of human capital that could benefit the population if instead of providing prisoners with the goods they need to survive they just required them to provide for themselves by getting a job inside prison.﻿
Those people should not be punished, they should be responsibilized. A lot of people talk of "paying the debt to society", how is sitting your ass in a jail cell for months or years supposed to pay debts of any sort?
I respectfully disagree. The whole point of a justice system is the enforcement of necessary moral and legal norms. Punishment of crime is necessary for the maintenance of those norms. On the subject of using prisoners labors for a social good, I find that to be a dehumanizing and demeaning argument. To do so would be to treat prisoners as means to a social end rather than ends in themselves. We must respect their humanity by holding them accountable for their crimes, not use them as tools for our convenience.
You would prefer vigilante justice and revenge to official and impartial justice? Are you confused?
Deprivation of liberty as penalty for violating the rights of your innocent fellow citizen.
The narrator is wrong.  Government doesn't make just a few mistakes.﻿
Meanwhile in Europe... PS: Excluding Belarus.﻿
One limiting factor on guilt and innocence are the terms. We only have words for two cases (guilt and innocence). Since these terms apply only to the results of a court case there are actually four cases. 1. Truly guilty - actually did it and convicted. 2. Truly innocent- actually didn't do it and not convicted. 3. Falsely guilty - actually didn't do it but convicted (worst case) 4. Falsely innocent - actually did it but not convicted We need words for the last two cases to have a clearer discussion on these topics.﻿
they do all that for life sentence trials....
no they don't.
This would be a more convincing argument if he had examples of people who were exonerated post mortem.  Had the individuals mentioned been instead sentenced to life in prison, the story would have been the same - being on death row didn't affect the outcome in these cases.  If anything, people dug harder to find the truth.  Would they still be in prison had they not been on death row?  Maybe, maybe not.  I'm not arguing the death penalty here, merely pointing out that this argument is also lacking.﻿
What does the Bible say? Because nothing else really matters.﻿
)
So should we be killing off half our population so they wouldn't suffer anymore? There are people who would rather live and suffer than to die and end their suffering.
What?!?
good arguement from a individual and group level﻿
China executes less total people than the US, doesn't that say something about us?﻿
Very convincing, although I'll continue further research into this ongoing topic before I fully alter my mindset toward the death penalty. I've been an ardent believer in swift execution for the the atrociously worst convicted offenders, perhaps it's time I evolved.﻿
Just because you evolve, doesn't mean you are better than where you were before. You may well be, but it is not a given.
that idiot chemist needs to be put to death.﻿
I hope you see the irony in your comment.
it's not ironic b/c it's not gonna happen.
8,487,468,416 or so...﻿
And that is an argument for euthanasia. There, I'll agree with you.
Euthanasia of inmates? You agree with that?
Well, I wasn't thinking about them. But I guess everyone has the right to choose when to die.LMAO﻿
when you record off the tv make sure to check the volume and hold the camera still﻿
Instead of shooting them in the leg, tap their shoulder and say "excuse me".﻿
I fucking hate California...﻿
I moved to Calif (Oceanside). My husband was in the Marines. Instead of my name, "Elaine"...they always called me "Texie." I felt awkward the entire time I was there.....I just didn't fit in too well. I was so glad to get back to Ft. Worth, TX
Most boring state in the U.S. Hell I'd rather live in Alaska
i think people who feel the need to record something off of a tv screen and post it on youtube require the death penalty....﻿
read what rebel born wrote...﻿
And somehow is the most powerful country in the world. It's okay to be jealous. 'Merica
"I motioned the bartender to meet me in the Liquor Room." - From that sentence on I expected gay porn to break out.
More like having individual freedoms, no state income tax, affordable living, and most importantly, a governor who is not a complete libtard idiot buffoon.  I would move to TX in a heartbeat if I could. CA is a nightmare. I know people who live there who want out desperately.
Texas beats the shit out of Cali. And I have family in Cali.
It is just the complex phenomenon of the mind or involuntary reaction of notions.﻿
If people are that sane why have a death penalty and a prison too. It is just there in the society and hard to know why.﻿
"'Who's shooting me in the leg?'" I wonder quietly to myself. "Oh, that guy." POW! Never turn around.﻿
Don't place the blame, son. It's easy that way, but it ain't honest.﻿
does anyone know if aggressive death penalty laws prevent murder or is it difficult to say since Texas probably always had the death penalty? ﻿
they have been on a roll the last few years!!﻿
They always execute people before an election.
In Utah you can still bee killed by firing squad﻿
Why be so quick? Seems the POS needs a little personal treatment, maybe two to three weeks worth.
Mark, bet you would not say that to duck's face! Coward. Or, maybe even to mine, and I'm an old Tea Party person who once was a Democrat, till they started killing babies legally.
Damn! He's good! "I wonder quietly to myself."
abortion doctors give a great service by keeping the human population under control.
Only in texASS!
We have the death penalty and we USE it.
Liberal this liberal that. You dittoheads all sound the same. I love Ron White, but I don't think this bit was intended as some kind of fanatical right wing mandate. Wow, you people are morons.
hope you can reach that goal. I understand.
Are you sure they're innocent because most of them aren't.
So freakin' good, I've got tears :D
what in texas hey hang people ?
My condolences. I can not a imagine how awful you must. feel. We may not agree on a lot of things, but this is at least a billion times bigger then politics.
Well bless your heart.
yep, that too is also true, we Texans love our guns.
People would have more confidence in death penaly convictions if prosecutors,judges or police officers were EVER charged for misconduct.
He's a comedy genius... But, as for the comments. Just FYI... If someone is against the death penalty, that doesn't mean that that person loves criminals or is a pussy or is a disease. Not saying that there isn't a debate to be had... Just don't single people out as pussies.
wins! DING DING! KO
im glad im TEXAN
Where are your sources?﻿
this is youtube where we spout whatever bullshit pops into our heads without any semblance of citation.
Ashraf just keep them in a cell their whole life? if you think about it, thats a bigger punishment than death. Can you imagine being in the same cell for years? Now I want your opinion, if a person killed 6 people and we sent him to life, but then after 10 into his sentance he shows signs of rehibilitation. Should we release him or hold him for the rest of his life? In my opinion we should hold him for 10 more years and after that he would have parole.
except when it fails
Shannon, actually spending some decades in jail before being excuted is much worse than being brought to death immediately.  The whole point of a justice system is to bring justice, also for murderers, even murderers of children.  So they are also entitled to defend their case with any means, even if it takes years. 
One more thing, Shannon.  Most of the criminality in Western Europe is also done by foreigners.  I don't care do much about racist opinions.  Since it's just an opinion and I believe in a radical freedom of thoughts.  It's just disappointing to see a follower of Jesus using racist arguments, while Jesus was anything but a racist.  Have a great day ;). 
For fun.
you think putting them in jail is kidnapping? XD its called punishment dumbass
+viper888. It does not. It says pigs, not figs. LOL You're funny. I like you.﻿
Findlay Provan, nicely said.﻿
aha aha dooooooooooooooooooooyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy﻿
yeah,but here in germany for example you get imprisioned for max. 15 years in a jail that literally looks like a hotel...you guys have no idea how hard it is to NOT kill someone here...
There's also no legal justification for the murderers actions as well. ﻿
You literally said in the for death penalty that there is no proof of an innocent person has been executed. But now your saying that is happened (and it has). Make up your minds﻿
you put both arguments up? hats off to your sir. that includes my prized colander﻿
This is so dumb. I won't explain it to you, you wouldn't want to understand it anyway. I just wanted you to know that what you said was dumb.
+little luck I could not agree more, but they would have to kill 2 or more people in my opinion﻿
Do you agree in execution?﻿
We are 'somehow not able to properly end someones life' because the European companies where the chemicals get made that are used in executions have started refusing to sell them if that's what they're going to be used for. So states are just winging it and trying to execute people with their own concoctions.﻿
That's why we all shouldn't commit crimes. ﻿
a lot of people who commit crimes are mentally ill and/or do not care about getting in trouble. Not that it's an excuse or anything.
lol i can see all the americans raging in this vid﻿
Na, just Texans.
Certainly not Kiwis (NZ) nor scandinavians. ;)
You were saying you were trying to show me that I'm wrong. I said you failed. That statement is logically correct whether I am right or not. ... and of course I am right. ;-)
The people that need confirmation that they are somehow "smart" or have to reiterate that they "outsmarted" someone, usually are the ones that are really really dumb. I don't think you are the exception. Go get an education, dude.
OK Dude. PS - You say I repeat myself
The last one reminded me of the movie 'The Green Mile.'﻿
If only you posted this video a week before , it would of helped in my R.E exam!! ﻿
How about this 'all life is holy' thing that anti-abortion people use?﻿
98% of abortions occur after the first trimester Full grown mammals do not have consciousness. Fetuses of 10 weeks old do have consciousness. Just give your source for these claims.
Oh sorry I meant to type at. When I type on my phone, I can't see what I'm writing because the letters are in the way. The phone must have used the word it thought I was typing. . its like 88-91% done in first trimester but its 12-14 weeks. That's still a pretty well formed baby. They can usually tell the sex.
What has the sex to do with brain fuction? And where the fuck did you find that other information?
I think there's a big difference between doing like the nazis did on the jews, and the NSA listening to your bullshit.
i agree
lol
*Too. Sorry, my inner Stannis got the better of me.
you were done at I watch to much Game of Thrones lol
Very interesting vid! Especially with the recent Boston bombing case.﻿
Bruh ﻿
Isn't this reuploaded?﻿
No, what makes you think that?
The other one is reasons for death penalty
Becuase I saw it in my subscription box and again
23rd view.﻿
First﻿
Mope
Not quite, i won by 8 seconds :D
First﻿
Nor where you...
Was I?
If I was owner this channel , I will banned you all.
You will banned us all, banned, really...
Oops!!! hhhhhhhh
first lololoololol﻿
Nope
I actually was soo....
to get raped lololololol
Damn, you got me there!"This is really about our criminal justice system" ... yes. That's just a bland truism, what does that have to do with anything lol﻿
not a genius but I have a 3.7 gpa
Okay troll..
troll.
Abortion
The Burden of Proof Priti Patel is referring to in this video is Beyond the shadow of a doubt is the strictest standard of proof. It requires that there be no doubt as to the issue. Widely considered an impossible standard, a situation stemming from the nature of knowledge itself, it is valuable to mention only as a comment on the fact that evidence in a court never need (nor can) reach this level. This phrase, has, nonetheless, come to be associated with the law in popular culture.﻿
I can prove Jesus existed. You cannot prove He does not exist. Over to you.
You've contradicted yourself, yet again, and copied my words and phrases, yet again. Prove Jesus did not exist. Saying He did not, just won't cut it. Nor do you're silly insults. Once you resort to insults you prove you can't debate or back up what you say. All you have proved so far is that you are a totally inadequate person with an empty space where your brain should be.
Copying me again. I told you you were boring, when you complained of being bored. Only boring people are bored. The fact that you've replied so many times means you have just contradicted yourself. Again. You're the one in the fantasy world, that's why you get your thrills from Harry Poter.
If you want deterrents on the rapists and murderers so bad why don't you go back to your home country India, which has a lot of deterrents you want to keep you from being gangraped of course.﻿
No.﻿
"ultimate burden of proof" - this woman's bullshitting, the legal term is to meet the "standard of proof", the "burden of proof" refers to whether the defence or prosecution has to prove a particular legal point. She's full of shit, and conning the public into believing she knows how the system works.﻿
Priti Patel isn't very bright is she?﻿
No
She sounds a lot smarter than you..
How very waggish of you
I don't know why she keeps going on about 'full burden of proof'. We have to prove guilt as it is, it's just that sometimes the courts get it wrong. Does she think we currently convict murderers on a hunch?
I don't know if I should laugh or yawn...typical of the lazy minded to engage in ad hominines...its a cognitive thing for you...thinking can be hard work...why bother right? lol
I take it you're still on your medication because throwing insults at people who disagree with your opinion suggest that YOU are crazy and a bit simple.
Can't stand the witch P. Patel. Her father once claimed "UKIP is not a racist party". His annoying daughter is equally disillusioned.﻿
Oh lord. Priti Patel is THICK AS PIGSHIT.﻿
I agree, most criminals need help
Priti patal employment minister disgusting woman﻿
On Priti Patel's first statement; I wonder how many murderers who are convicted and serve a life sentence come out of prison after 25 years and kill again? Interesting to see them figures.﻿
your ' civilized society ' is Bullshit.﻿
Out of context and foul mouth tirade launched by out dignified little Dragon Boy, now came down to accusing others of being troll. Any wonder UK is lagging behind Germany on every single parameter of socio-economic development.
Yawn.
Germans should not talk about killing others. Ever.
I am just a German National. No war guilt here. Try harder.
lefties are peodophile lovers they wouldnt like it if it was there kids being raped or killed
its not just priti patel lots of people support the death penalty, cannot understand why they have all ganged up on her﻿
Here's a light-hearted distraction: keep pressing 0 for a Dimbleby machine gun.﻿
, really? so u do believe in capital punishment
So we can legalise murder then if we become the government/police?
Priti Patel will never listen to logic because she is pushing a Muslim ideology, and the Religious are allergic to logic. ﻿
, shows how much of an idiot u r shes a hindu, us has capital ppunishment and a christain country
I wonder if Patel would be in favour of the death penalty if it applied to treasonous politicians? ﻿
Priti Patel was as stupid then as she is now.﻿
Indeed.
How does the death penalty serve as punishment to fit the crime for rapists? Surely a life behind bars getting ass raped by muscly tattoed guys is more fitting.﻿
Shocking that Priti Patel, is now in Government,neither views like this, but then she does fit the bill .....female and Asian heritage﻿
lots of whites and male support death penalty
priti patel is a hindu not a muslim
That Patel is a quota token within the bounds of the Tories. ﻿
That was to you Courtney
look at the case of ralf moat he sould never been released out of prision when the prision gards knew he was going to kill﻿
to take a life to serve life behind prision without being parroled﻿
Priti Patel got voted in! oh my word how on earth does this happen. and now she is a cabinet minister﻿
Conservative MP Priti Patel has been appointed as Minister of State at the Department for Work and Pensions. Her boss is Iain Duncan Smith. Look out.﻿
Here's an idea: Instead of the death penalty, why don't we chop off body parts of the criminals and use them for medical science? Have they attempted to do that?
Yes, it's called Sharia Law in Muslim countries.
They use it for medical science?
﻿
 
Priti Patel --- are you really such an idiot?﻿
OF COURSE WE ALWAYS GET THE WRONG MAN!﻿
yeah and you've been in solitary confinement it seems. There are thousands of people in solitary confinement across the United states, some only get out for 1 hour or less a day.  None kill themselves, even the most cold blooded gang banger. yet the liberals will be the first to kill themselves when put in this situation, yeah fucking right. When you are in that situation and realize what it means to end your existence forever you wouldn't go through with it. Even the survivors of suicide, specifically people who jump from the golden gate bridge came to this realization. you guys live in a fantasy world.
solitary confinement is designed specifically in part for people who are suicidal. solitary confinement is not punishment, you still have human contact. The mexican mafia is notorious for ordering hits outside the prison from within solitary confinement  
I come at this from a completely different position of being incoherent. ﻿
Priti Patel, what a complete and utter idiot. Every word that came out of her mouth was utter crap.  More women in Politics, yes, but not ones like her. Idiot.﻿
haha! 'IT'S NOT A DETERRENT KILLING THE WRONG PEOPLE!' Yes!!!!!!!﻿
Priti Patel is like an English Sarah Palin﻿
why does the fetus have legal status after 22 week? and not the 1st week?
after 22nd week it is considered that there's intent to carry the pregnancy through and any harm to fetus would also be considered attack that could cause serious harm or death to mother and the fetus i/e potentiality a child. I'm sure if you look in to law books they have it better explained albeit bit more technical.  for 1st week or even 12th week women/an could easily miscarriage and under law there are no provisions for miscarriage, for these can be caused by number of things, alcohol, drug abuse, havy smoking, lack of proper nutritional intake and illness.   
" for 1st week or even 12th week women/an could easily miscarriage and under law there are no provisions for miscarriage, for these can be caused by number of things, alcohol, drug abuse, havy smoking, lack of proper nutritional intake and illness. " Thats a fair argument, so you're saying it's incredibly hard to have a miscarriage after the 22nd week?.....interesting...
u can also take a look on abortion in English law under common law.  BTW you're really off the subject with abortion and death penalty nonsense here, which indicate to me that you're trolling. 
wahahaha hope like like getting kicked from Google retard
wahahaha removing your comment like a little girl, or maybe you are defending rapists and pedophiles because you are one hmm, stands to reason I suppose. Delete your account pedophile lover
Gary Brown sucks dick for bus fare, then walks home.
Lads, I think I fancy Harriet Harman a bit.﻿so my question to everyone here is if someone kills someone close to you would you want that person to still be alive? the answer is a a simple Yes or No﻿
Is there any way that I can get the script or sub of this video?﻿
*cough 4% *cough or we could go back to the days where all you have to do is say witch and their dead. My facts from Stanford University (Because I'm not a liberal basterd and find actual ligidament sourses) ----> http://www.pnas.org/content/111/20/7230.abstract
It's not the execution cost, it's the trial of actually endicting the person of a crime worthy of capital punishment that is expensive.
I want to take this brief opportunity to piss off as many people as I can, from both sides, with this: The hardest thing about being a Christian is to obey the words of Christ: "Love thine enemy" and "Let he who is without sin cast the first stone".﻿
Idc your religion is a joke
So is the word "Johnson". Consult the movie 'The Big Lebowski'. 
I don't think that's the case in Singapore.
02:07 I thought she was reporting news﻿
02:11 But EU sucks. Sweden Democrats 2016.﻿
02:11 But EU sucks! Sweden Democrats 2018!!!﻿
Yes.﻿
the last comment in this video posed an interesting concept: -the relationship between progressivism, capital punishment, and secularism. My question is to those who would say they are secular in the sense of believing Darwinist/evolutionary theory & who DO NOT believe in capital punishment. -As a secularist in this sense, why is capital punishment wrong if it is merely a playing out of "survival of the fittest"?﻿
Not slightly surprised at a comment like that written by an ebony person.
They make them beg for death? So they physically torture them or psychologically break them to the point of insanity?
Can someone tell me why in america they have death row? why do some people have to wait years on years to be killed? i thought one of the main arguements for the death penalty was that it cost signlifcantly less﻿
There shouldn't be a debate over the DP. You either believe in killing people, or you don't. Also, if you do believe in killing, and you support the DP, then you are ok with killing the innocent as well. Innocent are executed for the privilege of getting revenge on the guilty. This is inevitable and irrefutable.﻿
my friend hates this video everyone in the comments hate him !!!﻿
"No man, no problem" -Joseph Stalin﻿
It seemed their was a higher portion of weirdos featured in this video then what society has.﻿
Biased much, Vice?﻿
In america the new and improved death penalty will be a cash cow for the private jails. Death penalty is for the lazy and greedy soon to be the greedy and lazy. We all know the decapitated human body can be kept alive with right equipment for an indefinite amount of time right?. You would need a stockpile of stackable, storage, watertight containers (fema coffins?) that could hold one body plus equipment. You know for the "freshness" factor in the organ harvesting (& other fluid an bits) by the aging elites. Well I would hope its for organs and not just a handy dandy snack in a pack for something else...﻿