They must maximize campaigns against racism
Blacks are creative
discrimination must be severely penalized
Police racial profiling reduces minorities to the status of second class citizens.
Abuse is not acceptable
Rather then just focusing on black people all races need to be treated equal
The cops should be forced to stop.
Racists should be sentenced to jail terms
black people have the same rights as whites.
The US is not only for white people
There is such thing as racial profiling
the worls needs to know that blacks are also humans
Black people are often profiled when it comes to criminal matters.
everybody's life matters
All cases of discrimination are important, but racial discrimination must be addressed primarily
Discrimination occurs among people of various race, gender and religion
Black lives matter is taken seriously in the US
Environment inequality still exists for black communities forced to live near chemical plants.
Not every issue is a race issue and many races face discrimination
There must be equality
Police need to be educated on profiling and deescalation techniques.
let everyone live
black people are unfairly discriminated against
Racial discrimination should not be tolerated
United States criminal justice system.
no lives should be lost
blacks should be respected
Racial discrimination must be attacked with apprehension
Individual instances of discrimination are a bigger concern than discrimination against black people.
We can all make a better world if we work together
Police racial profiling reduces minorities to the status of second class citizens
Police racial profiling reduces minorities
Lots of innocent blacks have been kids lately
Discrimination against black people still exists.
some people in any profession can be racist
Every one has the same rights
There must be respect
racism should be fought
Black people are 4 times more likely to attack whites and Hispanics, than whites and Hispanics are to blacks
Black people are 58% of those killed by private citizens by self defence, except 75% of them were killed by other blacks.
racial equality is a must
This issues comprises issues of racial profiling, police brutality,
all people are the same regardless of race
people should not be discriminated for their skin color
our lives counts like yours
Every human is equal
people are good
every race has experienced racism
Equality for all is a matter of human rights
the government needs to do more to stop racism
Racial equality is necessary.
The country has already done enough to achieve racial equality.
black people complain too much
Racism is out of date
Racial inequality does not discriminate against one race
Black people cannot be racist because they aren't in a position of power.
all races do not have equal access to resources and opportunities
people should be treated equally regardless of the skin color
Government should enforced severe punishment against racial profiling
martin luther king suffered in the flesh this kind of discrimination
Racial profiling disparages those it effects
all people are not equal
they look for blacks to be thieves
whites have more power and they need to use it to raise other racecs, especially black, up
This issues comprises issues of racial profiling
black lives matter activists are also racist
Peaceful protesting is more productive than violent rallies
police brutality should not be allowed in the US
Non white individuals should be treated the same as white.
black lives matter is based on a flawed premise
black people blame everything on their race
All races have an equal access to resources.
The USA has worked hard enough to fight racial inequality
Many paople is being discriminated by the legal system
The electoral college is suspect.
Police profiling is wrong
Blacks should be regarded
Discrimination in the usa is a serious issue and needs to be addressed
This Is more Of a Movement for Attention, and obviously more money.
not discrimination
Racial discrimination has increased over the years
All men are created equal
All white people are racist because of their privilege.
All lives matter
this country has done nothing to achieve racial equality
Black people still make up a disproportionate share of the prison community.
Skin color is not important
this country is equal despite what black people want to believe
The Black Lives Matter movement  encourages racial hate.
Not all races in the usa have equal rights like they should
black people are not inferior and need to stop thinking that way
All citizens of a society have the same rights, regardless of ethnic groups or races
Racial discrimination reveals the social backwardness of a society
Racial profiling is bad
the black lives matter movement is blown out of proportion
All people should be treated equally regardless of race and color of the skin
Racial profiling has gotten better
All people should have treated the same way
People have been equal forever
All humans are equal, no matter their race
historically in the United States there has been discrimination
racists should be punished
Most crime against blacks is not from the police
being racist should be fined
more importance should be places on blacks
Black people should be accepted
black is important as white
blacks too must be given priveledges with whites
police racial profiling reduces minorities to negative stereotypes
We are all equal and deserve to be treated as such
Discrimination is really bad
blacks are the scum of society.
Black Lives Matter are too violent
It would take 40 years for white people to kill as many black people as blacks have killed.
Black people are as human as white people.
Everyone is equal.
Both black and white people need to treat authorities with respect
Individual instances of discrimination
black should not maltreated
Black people have been mistreated more by the police.
Everyone should have access to financial success, regardless of skin color.
although it has declined African Americans are still mistreated
The legal system needs to punish cops that take advantage of their position.
discrimination with blacks causes degredation of one z self
Black lives matter doesn't care about black lives.
what is worse that they themselves are falling into racism too
inclusion is a giant step towards a better society
People of color are more likely to be born into poverty.
All people are equal.
the population is not out to get black people
black lives matter calls for violence against police
The greater inequality in a smaller society is the democratic quality of its institutions
black people don't matter any more than anybody else
the world would be safer without black people.
Black lives matter is important.
all people are equal regardless of their race
Racial profiling affects minorities
Black people are humans too
Black opinions matter
the us government must try to treat everyone equally
White people are also sometimes victims of police brutality.