Occurrences related to climate change have seen the loss of lives such as earthquakes, mudslides and environmental impacts
Irresponsible acts such as air pollutants, chemicals and human impact erosion contribute to climate change
Earth's climate is a cycle of change as seen through ice ages and warming periods, in which we are currently in a warming period
It is not rising CO2 leels that are the only cause of climate change but certain instances do add to accelerating such
Climate change is currently affecting the lives and livelihood of people globally
People are responsible for climate change
People should act now to protect earth and avoid climate change
We can feel the climate change now
People should do their part to protect nature and avoid climate change
Government should do something to avoid climate change
Climate change affect weather
Ocean rise due to climate change
Climate change is serious matter
Rainfall due to climate change
Climate change and health effect
Climate change will make areas of the world uninhabitable within this decade.
Climate change will cause food shortages.
Climate change will cause an outbreak of disease.
Extreme weather patterns are part of climate change.
The sea levels are rising due to climate change.
Climate change was made up by the government to keep people in fear.
Climate change is causing flooding due to melting ice caps.
Climate change is destroying the habitat of animals who depend on consistently cold environments.
If we do not decrease pollution it will exacerbate climate change.
Climate change is responsible for the deaths of polar bears.
Mudslides due to degradation of land escalates climate change
CO2 emmisions are not the only cause for climate change
The climate is in a constant sycle and we are currently iin a warming period
People and envirnoment as well as animals have been affected by climate change
Species of flora and fauna have disappeared due to climate change issues
Responsibility of mankind
Responsibility of mankind
Responsibility
education
government
the high rate of fossil fuels is causing climate change
high rate of ennision is causing it
changes in atmospheric concentration of green house effect
global warming can be treated
the way to treat climate change is by reducing the amount of fossil fuel that is burnt
The rising risk of climate change should not be ignored.
Climate change has many different effects on daily weather.
Climate change is affected by different human actions.
Humanity holds key responsibility for combating climate change.
Climate change is a danger to everything living  on Earth.
The weather is one of the major contributing factor
The change should be adverted if possible
Many people has loss their lives through this
It is an inevitable growing alarming factor
The change is caused by most develop country
Climate change is already costing lives
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming
Climate change is affecting everyone
climate change is cause by humans.
the change in climate can result from human activities.
car exhausts can change our climate
gas flaring can change our climate
global warming can change our climate.
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate
the one way Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate
Climate change is already costing lives.
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate
Climate change is already costing lives.     Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate
climate change could be caused my human factors
climate change could be a natural phenomenon
climate change needs to be addressed
climate change can be attributed to human factors
we are still unsure what could cause climate change
Climate change has a big affect on the Earth
Climate change is affecting animals homes
Climate change is leading to some animals dying off
Climate change is affecting the Earth negatively
Climate change is bad for the world
Climate change may also result in cooler weather in some areas.
Sea levels have already risen in response to climate change.
Climate change is responsible for melting glaciers.
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions will not necessarily stop climate change.
People should expect to see more volatile weather patterns resulting from climate change.
Climate change has nothing to do with global warming
There are signs of global warming happening all over the world
People play a huge factor in global warming
Global warming is causing the weather to rapidly change
Global warming has nothing to do with the change in weather
climate change has a lot of research that it is real
climate change research shows that it affects us and the earth negatively
climate change i\can be reversed with effort
human activity need to be revised to change the effects of climate change
climate change causes hotter temperatures
Climate change is real.
Humans can effect climate change.
Climate change is already costing money.
Climate change endangers lives.
Climate change endangers people's health.
yes
yes
yes
yes
yes
We should believe in scientists who are experts in the matter.
Climate change is deemed a fact by the scientific community.
Humans are the cause of pollution which enable climate change.
Scientific data from the last 100 years have shown climate change to be a fact.
We can see strange weather patterns around the world which is a strong indicator of climate change.
climate change can be science
different changes in weather does not mean global warming
global warming is just a strategy to get people to recycle more
global warming is not real
global warming is notg causse of tempetaurea
Climate change is bad.
Climate change is bad.
Climate change is bad.
Climate change is bad.
Climate change is bad.
Climate change is important
Climate change is harmful
Climate change is caused by peopl
Climate change is caused by bad peopel
Climate change is caused by bad people
Qui praesentium rerum et aut esse exercitationem
Omnis unde amet quibusdam ea quibusdam id sunt minima sunt id fugiat non et elit ut
Iste dolor corporis veniam ratione quo nisi nesciunt Nam est sit qui labore voluptate rerum debitis
Enim deleniti qui eligendi commodo repellendus Voluptatem quia ut harum et sed consequatur aliquip dolor natus quidem non
Ipsam nihil magnam soluta non rerum enim est amet
climate change is costing lives
climate change should be examined
global warming is a factor
gas flaring is a factor
climate change result in radom rainfall
Climate change is already costing lives.
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled.
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming.
Global warming is the rise in the temperature of the Earth's
Man has contributed to climate change
Rising of sea temperatures supports climate change
Humans should do all they can to stop climate change
Climate change causes huge weather occurances
Hurricanes are due to climate change
Climate change has cost at least thirty lives from Hurricane Harvey
The use of fossil fuels in excess has contributed to climate change
The ice caps are currently melting leading to increases in sea level
There has been an increase in tropical storms of greater intensity which can be attributed to climate change
Global warming has been showcased with increased temperatures in dry areas
climate change is real
humans are not responsible for climate change
humans are responsible for climate change
climate change is bad
climate change has always been around
Climate change is already costing lives.
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled.
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming.
This issue is about whether global warming is a real thing
Human beings are primarily responsible for global warming
Global warming is going to end with planet earth
Use of certain aerosol substances accelerates global warming
Animals have no responsibility for climate change
Many people are not aware of the damage caused by climate change on planet earth
Climate change will cause problems for future generations.
Preventing activities that cause climate change can prevent further damage.
Climate change is affecting the polar ice caps.
Polar ice caps melting is due to global warming.
The strange weather conditions are caused by global warming.
1. Tal vez el cambio climático no puede ser culpado por cada fenómeno climático
1. Tal vez el cambio climático no puede ser culpado por cada fenómeno climático
1. Tal vez el cambio climático no puede ser culpado por cada fenómeno climático
1. Tal vez el cambio climático no puede ser culpado por cada fenómeno climático
1. Tal vez el cambio climático no puede ser culpado por cada fenómeno climático
encourage the use of products that take care of the hozono layer
no more use of nuclear weapons
campaign and plant more trees
less polluting vehicles
advertising campaigns that encourage the preservation of the environment
It harms all mankind
Affects large numbers of species
Melts polar areas
Increase the likelihood of some diseases
A solution to climate change must be sought soon
global warming is a naturally occurring phenomenon unrelated to human activity
climate change will increase the death toll from droughts and hunger
climate change will reach a point where there is nothing we can do about it
global warming will be solved by technology innovations
climate change will adversely affect third world countries the most
deep ocean currents not human actoivity ar a primary driver of natural climate  warming and cooling cycle
increased hurricane activity and other extreme weather evenys are a result of natural weather patterns not human -caused climate change
natural changes in the sun's activity cannot explain 20th century global warming
glacier are melting at unprecedented rates due to global warming, causing additional climate change
human produced co2 is re-absorbed by oceans,forests, and other carbon sinks negating any climate changes
There is not a real contribution of human activitis in Climate change
We must stop destoing ozone to prevent climate change
Moving to electrical cars wil stop climate change
Stop killing trees will prevent ckimate change
CO2 Levels may be controlled with more trees to prevent climate change
Some climate change is part of the earths natural cycle and cannot be blamed on mankind
human activity is a contributor to factors that add to global warming
climate change extremes are being experienced more regularly in the current century
extremes in climate change can cause fammine, flooding, lack of water and other weather phenomena
with earths population growing more of the rainforest are being developed and destroyed adding to climate change
Encroachment of shrubs into grasslands, rendering rangeland unsuitable for domestic livestock grazing
Decline in rice yields due to warmer nighttime minimum temperatures
Spread in mosquite-borne diseases such as Malaria and Dengue Fever
Arctic Melt Loss of 2/3 of the world's polar bear population within 50 years (Amstrup 2007) Less compacted ice, hazardous floes and more mobile icebergs posing increased risk to shipping (IICWG 2009) Drying of arctic ponds with subsequent damage to ecosystem (Smol 2007) Warming causes methane to escape from Arctic regions, contributing additional greenhouse warming
Economic damage to poorer, low latitude countries
Decreasing human water supplies, increased fire frequency, ecosystem change and expanded deserts
Decreased water supply in the Colorado River Basin
Increase in occurrence of allergic symptoms due to rise in allergenic pollen
Loss of 2/3 of the world's polar bear population within 50 years
Billions of dollars of damage to public infrastructure
We need to protect our world.
Not sure.
Not sure.
Not sure.
Not sure.
already
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled.
warmed
cooled
climate
We are experiencing more extreme weather in recent years.
The ice caps are shrinking at an alarming rate.
Humans do not have that large of an impact.
Other countries, such as China, are worse for the environment.
Animals are becoming extinct.
climate change is affecting the Earth's temperatures
The US should do something about climate change
Humans are responsible for the rise in temperatures
Climate change is happening
temperatures rising are an example of climate chanfge
Humans are not the only animals that cause pollution on this planet that results in climate change.
The Bible talks about climate change.
Al Gore should practice what he preaches - or go away.
Trump won the election due to his positions on the environment.
I believe in doing all I can within reason to reduce my carbon footprint. However, I should not be subject to people who try to make me feel guilty for being alive and human.
not everything is due to the weather since the man's hand is there
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming.
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled.
Climate change is already costing lives.
Climate change is already costing lives.
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled.
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming.
Climate change cannot be blamed for every weather phenomenon
climate change is caused by man
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming.
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled.
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.
Climate change is already costing lives
