global warming will be solved by technology innovations
Climate change will make areas of the world uninhabitable within this decade.
There is not a real contribution of human activitis in Climate change
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate
The climate change is caused by most developed country
climate change can be reversed with effort
gas flaring can change our climate
Human beings are primarily responsible for global warming
Many people are not aware of the damage caused by climate change on planet earth
Climate change is already costing money.
Climate change causes huge weather occurances
Climate change has a big affect on the Earth
Humans do not have that large of an impact.
Climate change is affected by different human actions.
Global warming has nothing to do with the change in weather
global warming can change our climate.
Climate change is affecting the polar ice caps.
high rate of ennision is causing climate change
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled
We will see spread in mosquite-borne diseases such as Malaria and Dengue Fever
Humans can effect climate change.
The use of fossil fuels in excess has contributed to climate change
Climate change is responsible for melting glaciers.
the change in climate can result from human activities.
climate change could be caused my human factors
Earth's climate is a cycle of change as seen through ice ages and warming periods, in which we are currently in a warming period
Climate change is real.
climate change is costing lives
Moving to electrical cars wil stop climate change
Global warming is the rise in the temperature of the Earth's
Man has contributed to climate change
car exhausts can change our climate
Stop killing trees will prevent ckimate change
People should expect to see more volatile weather patterns resulting from climate change.
Climate change cannot be blamed for every weather phenomenon
Scientific data from the last 100 years have shown climate change to be a fact.
Climate change was made up by the government to keep people in fear.
Climate change has cost at least thirty lives from Hurricane Harvey
There are signs of global warming happening all over the world
Climate change is a danger to everything living  on Earth.
Decline in rice yields due to warmer nighttime minimum temperatures
Billions of dollars of damage to public infrastructure
changes in atmospheric concentration of green house effect
Climate change endangers people's health.
People should do their part to protect nature and avoid climate change
Oceans rise due to climate change
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.
Humans are not the only animals that cause pollution on this planet that results in climate change.
global warming can be treated
Climate change endangers lives.
CO2 emmisions are not the only cause for climate change
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate
Climate change is affecting animals homes
Trump won the election due to his positions on the environment.
humans are not responsible for climate change
Al Gore should practice what he preaches - or go away.
climate change extremes are being experienced more regularly in the current century
Climate change will cause problems for future generations.
Species of flora and fauna have disappeared due to climate change issues
We are experiencing more extreme weather in recent years.
Economic damage to poorer, low latitude countries
Preventing activities that cause climate change can prevent further damage.
Humanity holds key responsibility for combating climate change.
global warming is just a strategy to get people to recycle more
Climate change is caused by bad people
There has been an increase in tropical storms of greater intensity which can be attributed to climate change
Irresponsible acts such as air pollutants, chemicals and human impact erosion contribute to climate change
Climate change is affecting everyone
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming
Decreasing human water supplies, increased fire frequency, ecosystem change and expanded deserts
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled.
climate change is real
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming.
Humans should do all they can to stop climate change
the high rate of fossil fuels is causing climate change
The ice caps are currently melting leading to increases in sea level
Use of certain aerosol substances accelerates global warming
A solution to climate change must be sought soon
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions will not necessarily stop climate change.
climate change will reach a point where there is nothing we can do about it
The US should do something about climate change
Humans are the cause of pollution which enable climate change.
People and envirnoment as well as animals have been affected by climate change
Extreme weather patterns are part of climate change.
Global warming has been showcased with increased temperatures in dry areas
Other countries, such as China, are worse for the environment.
climate change causes hotter temperatures
climate change increases the likelihood of some diseases
climate change increases the occurrence of allergic symptoms due to rise in allergenic pollen
Climate change is already costing lives
Climate change is leading to some animals dying off
different changes in weather does not mean global warming
climate change could be a natural phenomenon
CO2 Levels may be controlled with more trees to prevent climate change
climate change has a lot of research that it is real
the way to treat climate change is by reducing the amount of fossil fuel that is burnt
It is not rising CO2 leels that are the only cause of climate change but certain instances do add to accelerating such
Government should do something to avoid climate change
Climate change is serious matter
The rising risk of climate change should not be ignored.
The ice caps are shrinking at an alarming rate.
Humans are responsible for the rise in temperatures
Climate change is deemed a fact by the scientific community.
increased hurricane activity and other extreme weather evenys are a result of natural weather patterns not human -caused climate change
climate change will adversely affect third world countries the most
Rainfall due to climate change
Rising of sea temperatures supports climate change
Climate change is responsible for the deaths of polar bears.
We should believe in scientists who are experts in the matter.
advertising campaigns that encourage the preservation of the environment
global warming is a naturally occurring phenomenon unrelated to human activity
deep ocean currents not human actoivity ar a primary driver of natural climate  warming and cooling cycle
People play a huge factor in global warming
We must stop destoing ozone to prevent climate change
Climate change may also result in cooler weather in some areas.
Sea levels have already risen in response to climate change.
climate change should be examined
Polar ice caps melting is due to global warming.
People should act now to protect earth and avoid climate change
Hurricanes are due to climate change
Climate change is bad.
climate change is cause by humans.
climate change research shows that it affects us and the earth negatively
global warming is not real
The climate is in a constant cycle and we are currently in a warming period
Some climate change is part of the earths natural cycle and cannot be blamed on mankind
Animals have no responsibility for climate change
human produced co2 is re-absorbed by oceans,forests, and other carbon sinks negating any climate changes
human activity need to be revised to change the effects of climate change
Climate change is already costing lives.
We can see strange weather patterns around the world which is a strong indicator of climate change.
Climate change is destroying the habitat of animals who depend on consistently cold environments.
natural changes in the sun's activity cannot explain 20th century global warming
with earths population growing more of the rainforest are being developed and destroyed adding to climate change
glacier are melting at unprecedented rates due to global warming, causing additional climate change
The Bible talks about climate change.
If we do not decrease pollution it will exacerbate climate change.
we are still unsure what could cause climate change
Climate change is currently affecting the lives and livelihood of people globally
climate change result in radom rainfall
People are responsible for climate change
climate change needs to be addressed
Climate change will cause food shortages.
climate change has always been around
The sea levels are rising due to climate change.
extremes in climate change can cause fammine, flooding, lack of water and other weather phenomena
Climate change is causing flooding due to melting ice caps.