teachers should not be allowed to teach whatever they wish
each person should be free to choose what to believe in
Children should have their own choice to do what they want.
people should be able to express their religion trhough symbols even at shcools
Teachers should have a certain curricula to follow what to teach to children
Only teaching evolution is pushing students to think there are no other beliefs
Religion belongs in church and at home, not in the federally-funded school system.
This issues involves e.g. course contents
people in schools should not be made fun of for their religion
Teachers should not be able to teach students stuff that the students may not believe
creationism are helpful
Religious symbols do not have a place in public schools.
there should be freedom of speech among students
religion should not be enforced in schools but should be taught
Create respect and equality
Creationism is a first amendement right.
The teachers should take a poll on it.
Teachers should adhere to the curriculum provided by the school district.
Creationism is not taught in school because it violates separation of church and state.
creationism should be taught in school but so should evolution
Creationism is not backed by science.
Allowing students the right to learn both opens their minds to understanding the views of others
religion belief should be respected
Public education should only focus on evolution.
Students should have a choice of what they want to be tought
Scince always must be first
freedom of speech
Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they want to teach to children
Children are pliable.
Religious education should stay in the church and home.
The theory of evolution is a very solid theory that the vast majority of scientists agree upon.
Teaching fact, which can include Bible writings, should be the norm
students also hear the other side and often present evidence for creation
religion should not be in schools
creationsim is importants
that's the best
creationsim is importantf
right to worship your beliefs
Children should learn religion at home, not in school.
Teachers should not force students to learn evolution
people should be able to use whatever they want
creationsim is importanta
Creationism if just for catholic schools
extremists should be banned
If creationism is taught, then everyone other belief system should be taught,
People who want their kids to learn creationism can send their kids to a Christian school.
The children should know about this.
Teaching creationism as well as evolution gives students freedom to choose
Teachers should be able to say what they think as mentors.
Religious schools can teach creationism if that is that religion's belief
Teaching creationism's truth is necessary in upholding the truth of the Bible.
Help open to different opinions
religious symbols should not be allowed
Teaching creationism as well as evolution gives students freedom to choose.
parents should help teachers with chats at home
Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they wish as fact
Parents should have a say in what they want their children tought
Accepts different points of view
does not discriminate
people should be able to choose their own religion
Children have the right to choose the in their school
We must separate church and state
Freedom of speech does not include the freedom to preach lies as fact.
Our schools should treat facts, not beliefs.
education is good
The idea that creationists reject mutation or natural selection is ridiculous.
evolution is accepted science
Children should have the freedom to decide if they want to learn about either creationism or evolution or both
Creationism can be mentioned as something some people believe
do not ban religion signs
Proponents of creationism only want their own religion taught in schools, no one else's.
Creationism in school curricula should be full enforced
the theory of evolution has many inconcistencies
The electoral college is suspect.
All the kids should have the option to choose their religion
there should not be seperation between state and relegion
By leaving religion out of the classroom, we respect the plurality of contrary views.
give students the freedom to choose but do not teach them creationism
God made science
freedom of religion is protected by the consitution
imply either a myopic or anti-religious outlook
freedom to choose without discrimination must be done
Parents should teach the creationism in house too
Children should have the freedom not to be misled.
Separation of church and state: The words SEPARATION and CHURCH are not in the US Constitution.
religion and education must be kept separate
religion has no place in education
Parents should teach teir beliefs to their children.
Creationism should not be denied by those who do not believe and evolution as science and verifiable fact should be accepted teaching as well
people should be allowed to wear any religious symbols they choose
Improve social union
an additional educational subject could be included for this subject
all theories should be taught in school
Children have the freedom to choose
Teaching creationism should be taught at home
This issue is about whether a secularism should be strictly enforced in schools.
teachers who wished to present a balanced approach to this particular hypothesis should be free
By banning religious symbols you are banning people from expressing their diverse views.
They should teach all viewpoints in school.
Inclusion is always better than seclusion.
creationsim is important
creationism must be taught in school curriculum
By banning religious symbols you are banning people from expressing their diverse views.
Teachers should teach creationism and evolution to broaden the students minds
religion should be tantamount
Our school kids deserve the right to hear about creation in school
Teaching them this helps the kids learn.
Public opinion is unimportant to whether creationism belongs in science classes
Childrens should have the option to participate or not in the religious activities on school
The uniqueness that each student brings to the classroom should be celebrated by allowing each student the opportunity to show and tell anything - including their AWANA book, a Bible, the Koran, a hajib, etc.
Creationism should not be tought in a classroom because it goes against some beliefs
Children should be taught truthfullt and freely
Creationism should include just Christian beliefs versus evolution.
atheists should be ban
Scientific fact should be taught in school
Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they wish as fact.
science must be taught in detail, not creationism which lacks any kind of facts
Freedom of speech should apply to teachers as much as anyone else.
Religion should not be imposed
freedom of speech should apply to everyone in schools
children should know these things from a young age
everyone should be free of thought
religion should be promoted
Students should be able to learn what they are comfortable learning
Creationism is a good method that should be applied in all schools
mainly education must come from the home
yes to education
Education should broaden our horizons. Showing the differences between evolution and creationism allows each student to choose.
Teaching evolution exclusively is dangerous to science and reason.
Creationism is unscientific.
Freedom of Speech should be allowed for others and a person of common sense and decency will not abuse this right
Evolution should be the predominant discipline taught
not eveyrone is interested in religion
Students should have the freedom to learn creationism if they wish
freedom of expression is vital to our liberties
releigon must be taught in school
we should not combine schools and religion
Religion has no place in a school.
Multiculturalism encourages the teachings of all cultures and beliefs.
eaching creationism as well as evolution gives students freedom to choose.
the school board should decide on a curriculum for all teachers to follow
Every body must be free to choose
We are a multicultural society. Differences in the way people choose to live should be taught in the classroom.
Consectetur recusandae Pariatur Tempora id nisi corrupti soluta architecto soluta officiis minima sunt maxime unde eum illo nostrud
Attempts to conceal the creationism-evolution controversy from students are dogmatic promotions of evolution.
Public schools must adhere to fact
many people believe in creationism