Foreign Aid Helps Form New Potential Allies
foreign aid should be based on need, not promoting u.s. interests
The foreign aid budget should be made transparent.
foreign aid should be increased, especially following natural disasters around the world
Foreign Aid is humanitarian act by the US
The Us is losing money because of the Aid
It is better to teach those to defend themselves to provide future security and hope
one must measure to what extent united states can help another country
foreign aid promotes better relationships between countries.
It does not affect but it does help
foreign aids promotes corruption
our country should not borrow money in order to fund foreign aid
This issue is about whether the US should be sending foreign aid and how this aid should look like.
More foreign aid should be sent to countries in need.
The US shouldn't be borrowing money.
foreign aid should be limited to countries who will accept humanitarian relief without strings attached
The us should not be helping other countries
we spend too much on foreign aid
aid should not be our main focus
Foreign aid should be a collective system
the focus should be on the development of other countries
foreign aid lead to further difficulties for both countries.
Foreign Aid must be limited to very poor countries
It is the U.S.'s duty to support other countries.
other countries should step up and help themselves
Our taxes are being used to Foreign aid
US spending should be on social welfarism of other countries
foreign aid should not be spending so much
Methods need to be in place to ensure foreign aid is being sent to what it was intended for
The country already has too much debt to afford helping other countries.
The foreign aid budget should be made more effective and transparent.
foreign aid can lead to further difficulties for both countries.
foreign aid is important
Foreign aid should be time limited to prevent dependence
The us should be helping less fortunate countries
Foreign aid should not provide funds for military actions
the foreign aid can be expensive for taxpayers.
stop borrowing money and raise tax payers dollars
The US should continue to provide foreign aid
Foreign aid could improve the diplomatic relationships
we should consider helping more than attacking
foreign aid is becoming expensive
Foreign aid helps developing countries stay politically stable.
We should be working to help countries become self sufficient
Defence assistance can help teach way to fend for one's country for future prosperity
Foreign aid ends up in the hands of despots.
Foreign aid is important to improving the quality of life for international citizens.
Foreign aid should be encouraged
foreign aid should be a source of help
foriegn aid help other nations fight drugs and other problems like HIV/AIDS.
It is best to make grow in stead of Aid
Foreign aid helps allies to become successful nations.
US should make their spending transparent so as to avoid abuse of power
foreign aid promotes better relationships among  countries.
The US should not provide aid to countries that are against American ideals
Trade can be a great benefactor in help and future trade
foreign aid does more to improve our relationship with the rest of the world than it costs us
helping is always a good example
Starving children are helped with foreign aid donations.
America should help other Countries that need help
foreign aid should be corruption free
Economic Growth in LDCs
foreign aid is to promote peace and good relations
foreign aid helps those who are caught in crises.
trade should receive more attention rather than focusing on aid
The government should help less privileged country
Foreign aid is good for business
the focus should be on securing the lives of other citizens from other countries
usa help iteself
The US should not provide aid to countries that violate human rights
US spending should focus on defence rather than aid.
We need to budget more closely on foreign aid.
Private charities are more effective than foreign aid.
the Foriegn aid  can help ease poverty in poor countries.
america is way better off financially than most countries of the world
Can help great strides in the future
foreign aid should be emphasised
we should increase aid to well established groups like doctors without borders and the peace corps
We should not be borrowing to fund foreign aid
the budget for foreign aid should be more effective
The trade is very necessary
we should focus on helping ourselves first before providing aid
every developing country needs foreign aid
foreign aid is beneficial to involved countries, the donor and recipient.
The government should destinate some funds to foreign aid
the focus should be on aid, not trade
More funding to foreign aid
Foreign aid should not be provided to countries who support terrorism
foreign aids can save lives
foreign aid budget should be more effective
The U.S. should stay focused on solving its own problems.
foreign aid helps those in crises.
Transparency in all aspects of foreign aid should be a right bestowed by the people of the country providing aid
the focus should be on helping other countries
US should put limit the Foreign Aid
Foreign Aid rather than defense
The foreign aid budget should be made more effective
Foreign aid is a voluntary transfer of resources from one country
Foreign aid helps improve education in third world countries.
We should not be borrowing to fund foreign aid.
foreign aids uplift corruption
The U.S. should only help countries that have helped the U.S. at one time or another.
Extending foreign aid will help other countries be more independent.
foreign aid should be focused on African countries
the focus should be on improving trade unions with other countries
Foreign economies flourish, thanks you foreign aid.
Foreign aid is necessary in order to maintain a good rapport with other countries.
People have the right to know where there taxes are going and why
We should rethink how foreign aid is administered.
Development of Basic Infrastructure
foreign aids should be race free
US should focus on their spending habits.
Foreign Aid is expensive
Foreign aid should not contribute to our debt
There are many countries that require it
The U.S. should take care of its own first.
Foreign aid decreases the spread of AIDS in Africa.
Helping other countries will only increase those nations' dependence on the U.S.
The us should use funding to better the lives of us citizens
foreign aid is useful sometimes
US should give foreign aid if US can get something in return
we need to focus on ourselves before others
The US should think before they spend.
We should know where are funding is going and why
The US should play a major role
the us needs to track better the use of the foreign aid
spending should focus on defence rather than aid.
we should be spending money on our own country
Trade and aid to be equal considerations
The US should limit foreign aid in order to help domestic agendas
To be independant of other equipping those with the capabilities to defend is a lifelong lesson
Foreign aid should concentrate on sustainable development.
Foreign aid can help with social issues
Foreign aid should have a portion set aside for countries suffering national disasters.
how this aid should look like.
The lifes of Africa country are imparted
The need to borrow fund to allow others to borrow funds is ridiculous
to help other humans
Foreign aid from the us should be used for shelter for less fortunate people
all the help for the countries that need it
It is needed to aid ourselves before aid Foreign
Foreign aid is necessary to preventing the spread of global pandemics.
Foreign aid from one country should not be borrowed by the giver as this is senseless
foreign aids is for developing country
Foreign aid could improve the status of America
The focus should be on trade not on aid
US should stop foreign aid and think America first
foreign helps promote peace
usa is important
Foreign aid ends up funding terrorism.
We should look more closely into how foreign aid is being spent.
helping the poor to survive
we need a more efficient budget for foreign aid
African need foreign aids
Foreign leaders should be thankful for our help in giving citizens the ability to have clean drinking water.
We need to assess foreign aid and how it is spent more.
Foreign trade be encouraged
The foreign aid budget should be made more effective and transparent
The focus should be on trade not on aid.
Foreign aid does not go to the people because of corruption.
US should focus less on the army and focus more on aid
Foreign aid from the us should be used to help better the lives of less fortunate people