Gender equality is part of human rights
More women are becoming educated
women are more powerful than men
The issue includes the acceptance of role models
The society has to understand that women are equal than men
Equality is not limited by law
There is no clear link between having gender quotas and economic growth.
gender quotas and economic growth.
woman is as important as a man
Education empowers women and girls as well as the employment community
Women should be able to have the same opportunities as men
Gender equality is a basic human right.
men and women have innate differences
Opens opportunities for the female community
woman is the mother of the society
skills and qualifications should matter more than gender
No one should judge a person by their gender
women can be as good as men
People should think about both sides.
Places don't usually hire people based on gender
the condition of woman's mother makes her different from men
Gender does not avoid females to do what the want
If women want to be paid the same as men, then they need to work just as hard.
This kind of stuff affects everyone.
Women’s rights will have legal basis
Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender to achieve positive economic impact.
It is a womens choice to be educated
women are the mother of the nation
When a woman is educated she lifts the community and the nation
A woman should have the right to choose her own path.
wages should not be based on gender.
Always remember that everyone has their duties and rights
all people should be treated equally
Hiring should be done on a person's talent and not their gender
women are not taken seriously
avoid gender discrimination with campaigns
Women and men should be treated the same
Gender equality is a global need
human rights cannot be achieved until there is gender equality
A women should be hired and promoted based on merit alone.
gender inequality must be eliminated
females and males are equal
feminists are way too out of proportions
gender discrimination should be frown at
Equal rights are made for all
women and men have different strengths
Recognition in professional contribution must be evaluated by the ability and skill of the individual, not by their gender.
women need men
a woman is a man's best friend
what a man can do a woman can do better
Companies should promote gender equity.
Same rights same duties
woman should be provided the sam benefits as a man for doing the same job
1. We shouldn’t oppose biblical roles of husbands & wives.
Women should be paid equal to men
Women who choose to be stay at home mothers should not be looked down on by society.
gender equality provides empowerment for everyone
Women are usually stereotyped into the housewife role
women should have the same opportunities as me
Human rights cannot be achieved until there is gender equality
When a woman is educated she lifts the community and the nation.
Women should have the same right as men
Women are more capable than men for much things
Gender equality is not inline with religion
Everybody should be treated equally regardless of gender
if someone wants to hire a male over a female then let them
Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender to achieve positive economic impact
Women should be paid less because they are more expensive employees.
gender inequality affects both genders
women should be given a chance like men
gender equality can cause problems with the Constitution
the society needs woman
gender should be overlooked when choosing criteria comes in
men are ok
Education empowers a business and further education among women benefits an employer
not having good examples havçce the child to fall into crimes
yes, equality of gender
Everybody should have the right to work regardless of gender
yes gender equality
apply sanctions to gender discriminators
sexual harrasment has done more harm to women
People shouldn't look at things such as man or woman
women can be as successful as men
women should have the same rights as men
The electoral college is suspect.
women should be paid the same as men
Men can easily be home makers.
I think, we shouldn’t oppose biblical roles of husbands & wives.
a woman's physical condition makes her unsuitable for certain jobs
your gender shouldn't matter
a family must have a paternal and maternal figure
women are just as capable as men
Human right can be achieved regardless of gender equality
There is no such thing as a glass ceiling anymore
Women should have the same rights than men
Women should have more access to affordable childcare should they chose to work.
Sexism in the workplace is a thing of the past.
Females are just as capable as males
Human rights cannot be achieved until there is gender equality.
if a female wants to work and the guy wants to stay home, who cares
Women can be bread winners in the household.
Opportunities should be just as open to women as men.
Families were stronger when women stayed home and only the men worked.
Gender equality is the state of equal ease of access to resources and opportunities regardless of gender
Instead of fighting for gender equality, we must fight for gender equity
Women should be able to move up in the workplace without discrimination.
Feminism is nothing but a male bashing movement.
everyone is equal
gender equiality is a must
Provides equality
All people are equal
the bible is dumb and should be discarded
Gender equality is against religion
This issues is about whether gender equality is desired, possible or a realistic goal
God created man and woman to be together
gender inequality is the main source of sexual harrasment in various countries
men and women are equal
Women fought hard for rights and should be treated as equals
Expose women to risks
There are laws that should be better enforced to protect womens rights
men need women
Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender
Women are often discriminated against in the workforce and that needs to change
The wage gap is a made up thing
Can generate great advances
Abolition of gender discriminating laws
women deserve to be treated as men
women should be treated as equals
You should be judged on who you are not your gender
the rights of women are equal to those of men
Public and private institutions should hire people based
gender does not make  someone to look dull instead it makes a person look lively
Gender equality is good for the society
The training of women in scientific knowledge gives them legitimacy to defend themselves and dismantle negative stereotypes
women should not go to war
Everybody should have the right to live regardless of gender
Employers benefit when hiring based an skill and capability, not gender
Gender equality has come a long way
Mens should help their wifes at home duties
not having a family in order does not set a good example for the child
This issues is about whether gender equality is desired
Gender inequality hinders the rights of people
promote the inclusion of women in men's activities
Women can be as hard workers as men.
Every body has the same rights
Decreasing the importance of women in the workforce does not improve work performances
Gender equality is a No No
what's good for a man is also good for a woman
There are some jobs that women are better suited for just as there are some jobs men are better suited for