Owning a gun can deter criminals.
Criminals Will Break The Law
gun owner should be reduced
people should be allowed to own as many guns as they want
only officers should carry a weapon
Celebrities, such as Rosie O'Donnel who has a security detail but wants to take guns away from average citizens, should practice what they preach.
Widespread gun ownership leads to  mass killings.
The people who use guns for crimes usually obtain them illegally anyways
guns are nice
there should be a more strict background check for buyign a gun
Owning guns is a fundamental right.
criminals will always find a way to have a gun
guns should be legal for force
guns are a vital form of protection for people
Guns should only be used if there are no other options
There are legitimate reasons for people owning these guns
Criminals don't obey laws
anyone should be able to own a gun
Gun owners should only be able to carry a certain amount of ammunition
While it might be reasonable for individuals to own handguns, the ownership of semi-automatic guns should be restricted.
weapons to defend ourselves
guns should not be limited
Guns are a protection against political tyranny.
guns are rarely used in self defense
just the ways of protection
guns possessions should be reduced
Banning guns only makes people more vulnerable.
Gun ownership should not be banned altogether.
guns should be registered
Everyone should own a gun.
gun rights should be a freedom
Guns can be used in self-defense
The gun industry is too heavily regulated.
circulation of gun should be limited
Banning guns is a violation of the 2nd amendment.
civilians should not poses gun
Guns should be only allowed to the military
guns aren't promoting safety
guns within the city can be hazardous
Guns help protect families
Gun owners should have to pass a psych evaluation every year
Guns are also used in hunting.
High-capacity magazines should be banned
Gun ownership deters crime.
Gun owners need to be required to have a  background check.
This would leave the citizens open to abuse from the government, and leave them vulnerable for a fully police state
The electoral college is suspect.
People who have a lot of guns sometimes become murders.
gun owners must be registered
There should be limits on automatic weapons.
The NRA holds guns as a symbol of our right to protect themselves and others in various instances in which safety is threatened
Guns are dangerous to civilians
Handguns are required for symbolic reasons -- as a defence against the state monopoly of power.
what circumstances citizens are allowed to possess and bear guns.
they are much less likely to attempt a crime
Gun registration laws should increase.
Most mass shootings involve guns that were obtained illegally
Gun ownership is protected in the constitution
If guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.
in a certain part to eliminate the arms would be to end the delinquency
Majority Of Mass Murders Use Legal Weapon
Banning guns won't prevent criminals from acquiring them.
Restrictions on gun ownership will only encourage outlaws to have heavy ammunition and high calibre weapons.
Gun ownership deters crime
Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they wish as fact.
gun ownership leads to unnecessary killings
Military not allowed to have their arms because military protects the citizen
Guns are part of our history.
Guns should be limited
Guns can help ward off criminal acts
All guns should be licensed
you shouldn't have to register every gun
the use of weapons must be regulated or eliminated
people should not be allowed to conceal carry without a permit
Gun ownership should be very closely regulated.
Guns are used in self defense in the home
many people are responsible gun owners
illegal guns should be ban
gun owners should be registered
Gun owners should be required to complete training on the appropriate use of the firearms they own.
Allows to keep a record
too much guns in circulation can kill alot
Guns increase murders
Gun ownership MAY deters crime.
should be able to carry whatever gun you want whenerever
People must be trained before to buy a gun
Gun owners should be required to take a safety test
gun control is a must
Guns are sometimes used in self defense.
guns  pose a threat in families
Guns should be heavily regulated
Taking off guns from streets
gun ownership is highly regulated
Open carry deters violence.
gun rights is part of being american
Childredns are dying at schools because of guns usage
For security purpose
Evaluate who can carry a weapon
Gun licenses should include a mental health evaluation
Organize and evaluate limits and restrictions
Gun owners should be required to take a gun safety course.
Automatic weapons with high capacity magazines are involved in nefarious acts and crimes
Guns should be locked up when not in hunting season.
People with mental issues whould not be allowed to carry guns
Guns don't kill people
Not every one must have a gun
Guns are legitimately used for hunting.
Handguns are required for symbolic reasons
Handgun ownership is not only symbolic but is a right of the American people
The founding fathers intended for the military to have the right to bear arms, not ordinary citizens.
Having guns is a protection for against robbers
Gun ownership can be responsible and regulated.
use of guns must be prohibited among some age groups
Gun owners should registered their arms
They’re Rarely For Defense purpose
guns are a form of protection not a form of mass mudering
Gun owners should be registered.
Guns should be banned
Handguns should be allowed for everyone.
people who own guns are not more likely to mass kill
This issue is about the kind of the amount of and under what circumstances citizens are allowed to possess and bear guns
Guns should not be banned
the possession of free weapons would increase the mortality rate in society
We should teach people from an early age the damage that they can do, how to properly and safely use them
Banning guns is like banning forks in an attempt to stop making people fat.
There should be no restrictions on gun laws
guns should act like a means of defence
Evaluate rights and duties when carrying a weapon
Guns just for polices
All guns should be registered.
ndguns are required for symbolic reasons
Guns can too easily fall into the wrong hands.
2. By banning religious symbols you are banning people from expressing their diverse views.
Gun owners should limit their arms
When tension mounts, it will eventually erupt in the most unpleasant of ways
The numbers of guns owned should be limited.
Owning guns should be a right but monitored
People with a history of gun violence should not be allowed to own firearms.
guns per capita should be monitored
Guns should only be issued for hunting.
High-capacity magazines should be banned because they too often turn murder into mass murder.
Gun owners should be imprisoned if they don't follow applicable laws.
Guns are rarely used in self-defense.
Support the 2nd amendment
It is dangerous to own a gun
Generates organization
Gun owners should only be able to carry 1 weapon on their person
We don't need more and/or tighter gun control.
Background should be checked carefully before giving selling arms to them
Guns aren't the only weapons that kill. Timothy McVeigh used a rental truck and fertilizer.
Although guns are to be a great aid for self-defense this is not a typical usage by gun owners and guns
owning a gun makes people feel much safer in their home
guns are necessary
Gun rights are necessary
gun ownership only reasserts violence
guns can be stored safely at home