Parenting capabilities should not be determined by whether a person is gay or not as parents from opposite sex marriages are also capable of bad parenting
In the instance that it is believed marriage is for reproduction purposes same sex marriages do not fit this standard
Same sex couples should have access to the same benefits and securities as couples of opposite sex
Denying people the option to marry in the case of same sex marriages, the definition of discrimination is fully appropriate
Same sex couple love just as do everyone else and are entitled the right to the same benefits as other human beings
Legalization of same sex marriage should be approved because it's their choice
Everybody have freedom of their choice and therefore should be entitled for same sex marriage
Same se marriage should be allowed to adopt their children
Legalization of same sex marriage are good for LGBT community
Same sex marriage should not be legalized because its againts God's will
Gay couples will make good parent
Same sex marriage is free
Allow same sex couple
Gay couple shouldn't be discriminated
Freedom of choice for gay
Children of same-sex couples will turn out gay.
The Bible is against homosexuality.
Homosexuality is a sin.
Same-sex marriage demeans heterosexual marriage.
Homosexuality is not a choice and should not be treated as one.
God intended marriage to between a man and woman only.
Allowing gay marriage is encouraging same sexual relationships that can lead  to AIDs
Gay couples should not be able to adopt a child because it would be confusing for a child.
Legalization of gay marriage leads down the slippery slope of eliminating gender identity, leading to gender confusion.
Saying that gay people should get married is like saying that a brother can marry his sister, both are at higher risk of disease.
DISCRIMINATION AGAINST PEOPLE IS APPLICABLE IN DENYING THE RIGHTS OF PEOPLE DUE TO GENDER/SEXUAL PREFERENCE
There are good and parents regardless of sexual preference
People should have the dame benefits in regards  to marriage no matter what
Child are adopted and are theresults of procreation therefore the parents that raise them are maintainingsuch regardless of who birthed them
Same sex marriages should not be denied and marriage is marriage regardless
disgusting
Lack of values
It is not moral
disgusting
It is not moral
marriage of gay couples is a matter of choice
same sex marriage is unlike any other marriage
same sex marriage should share thesame  benefits with other forms of marriage
anybody can adopt a baby no matter who he is
homosexual marriage is not somthing out of the norms
Same-sex couples are just as capable  of forming a family unit.
Everyone deserves the freedom to commit themselves to their partner.
Same-sex marriages should be accepted by churches.
Couples in inter-sex relationships get married for the same reasons as same sex couples.
Same-sex couples should have their rights protected by the government.
Same sex marriage is relative to people's culture and belief
It's should be totally barn
The biological part should play major role in taking decision
The marriage is not good at all
The marrige is a common one in the Wester world
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory
Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples
One person's believes should not affect another persons rights.
Making committed human connections is good for physical and mental health.
Marriage is a basic human right
same sex is safe.
same sex should be legalize
where there is love there life
same sex should enjoy benefits of others
same sex should adopt too
too bad
it should not be legalized
Gay couples make good parents.
the can be to bad
the idea is bad
It is wrong to deny same sex couples the right to marry
Same sex couples should have the same benefits as heterosexual couples
same sex couples should have the same financial benefits
Same sex couples soul have the same rights to adopt as heterosexual couples
same sex couples should not be iscrimiated against for adopting
Same sex marriage should be allowed
Same sex marriage shouldn't be denied to people
Same sex marriage is acceptable for people
Same sex marriage doesn't affect ones parenting style
Same sex marriage shouldn't be up for debate
Banning same-sex marriage is a violation of the separation of church and state.
There is no evidence that same-sex couples are any more likely to get divorced than opposite-sex couples.
There is no evidence that opposite-sex couples make better parents than same-sex couples.
Allowing same-sex marriage will lead to an increase in the AIDS epidemic.
Allowing same-sex marriage will create a "slippery slope" where people will begin to fight for other alternative marriages, such as polygamy.
Same sex couples should have to same rights as everyone else
A persons sexuality does not determine if they are good parents
If same sex couples were to adopt it would confuse the child
Marriage is a holy union for man amd woman not woman and woman
Gay couples should have the same rights as other couples
same-sex marriage is marriage between two people who love one another
same-sex marriage does not take away from the important message of marriage
same-sex marriage should be allowed as they are humans who feel emotions as well
our personal views must not hinder another's happiness
it is discriminatory to deny same-sex couples options to marry
Legalizing same sex marriage protects the children of these unions.
Legalizing same sex marriage protects the partners.
Adoption by same sex partners can provide a home to a child in need.
Same sex partners deserve the same rights others enjoy.
Legalizing same sex marriage protects marriage.
bed
bed
bad
bad
fear
gay couples should have the same basic human rights as other people.
Marriage should not be a political argument.
Marriage is between two people not the government.
Gay people have shown to raise children well or better like other couples.
Love is a right.
its not my buisness who you choose to be with
anybody could  be a good parent
marriage is just a piece of paper
love is equality
it shouldnt atter who you marry
Homosexuals make good parents.
Homosexuals make good parents.
Homosexuals make good parents.
Homosexuals make good parents.
Homosexuals make good parents.
It is fair
It is good
Homosexuals are good parents
Homosexuals are nice
Homosexuals are nice pople
Enim pariatur Eos tempor exercitation quasi aliquam tempor architecto perferendis dolorem consequat
Natus et nulla velit dolorem illo repudiandae magni dolor magni et eos ratione vero voluptatem
Labore ex voluptates hic voluptatem id qui et et molestiae labore et laborum Assumenda aut repellendus Quos
Rerum repudiandae voluptas voluptatum dolorem quis ea impedit
Voluptatum modi in voluptas suscipit anim odio et placeat sit tempora perspiciatis accusamus dolore enim mollit maxime sint
same sex should be legalize
right to love and be loved should be emphasised
same sex should have the same rights as others
same sex should be practiced
everyone has the right to choose
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory.
Gay couples make good parents.
Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples
Same-sex in a religious setting.
Love is love no matter the gender.
Marriage equality provides legitimacy to already existing relationships.
Marriage should only be between a man and a woman.
It is not natural for two people of the same gender to be married.
Every person should have the right to marry who they choose.
Same sex marriage is the same as heterosexual marriage and should not be treated differently.
Gay couples are more than capable of providing good homes to needy children.
For tax purposes same sex couples should be able to file jointly.
Churches should be able to not allow same sex marriages as part of their rights.
Same sex couples should have the same financial obligations in divorce that heterosexual couples do.
homosexuals should be able to get married
homosexuals should be able to adopt kids
it is wrong to discriminate against homosexuals
homosexuals should have the same rights as heterosexuals
homosexuals make good parents
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory.
Gay couples make good parents.
Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples
This issues is about whether same-sex marriage should be allowed at all
Gay couples are a good example for all the people
Gay couple could love each other more than a heterosexual couple
Gay couple are responsible like a heterosexual couple
Should be the same conditions for gay and heterosexual couples
God loves all the people for equal
Same-sex marriage allows same sex couples to share health insurance benefits like any other married couple.
Gay couples have relationships just like heterosexual couples.
Same sex adopting will solve the issue of overcrowded orphanages.
Marriage should be a choice for everyone.
Denying marriage to only certain groups is discrimination.
1. Ser homosexual no es cuestión de elección.
1. Ser homosexual no es cuestión de elección.
1. Ser homosexual no es cuestión de elección.
1. Ser homosexual no es cuestión de elección.
1. Ser homosexual no es cuestión de elección.
Homosexuality is not a disease
human rights encompass all equally
to deny him his rights would foment hatred
homosexuals can be as good a person as a heterosexual
accept them as they are would be a step forward to a better society
Same-sex couples have the right to be happy
We all must have the same rights
same-sex couples should have the possibility of making a family
it is not fair for them not to be able to opt for a marriage
They are human beings and must be able to fulfill their desires
civil union is not equal to marriage
marriage is a legal contract and should be open to all consenting adults
religious beliefs should not enter into the right to marry
gay couples who want to raise children should have the same rights as opposite sex couples
marriage of gay couples provides a more stable environment for raising children
legalizing same-sex marriage and advances the homosexual agenda,with children being targeted
marriage is an international recognized human right for all people
it undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as a being between a man and a woman
same sex violate the word of God hence is incompatible with the belief of many religion
same sex increase the chances of leading to other unaccepted marriages and non traditional marriages
Same sex Marriage childrens will be victims of bulling
Legalization of Same-sex Marriage is not Natural
Same-sex couples should  have the same duties as heterosexuals Marriages
Same sex Marriaged should not get especial legal  treatment
It is not ok to let childrens see Same Sex Marriage
same sex marriage promotes stability of same sex relationships the same as heterosexual couples
same sex marriage will benefit society because couples can depend on each other for social security and recognition of status
not all marriages reproduce so same sex couples should not be treated differently just because they cannot biologically reproduce with each other
all of age and sound mind human beings should be able to choose  freely to whom they want to marry, it is not a choice for the government to limit
same sex couples should be allowed to marry and enjoy the same financial status as heterosexual couples, sharing of benefits and legal authority to make health decisions
Same-sex marriage undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as being between a man and a woman.
There are consequences for children of same-sex marriages as children need to have a male father and female mother.
Same-sex marriages increase the chances of leading to other unaccepted marriages and non-traditional marriages such as incest, polygamy, and bestiality.
Same-sex marriage is consistent with homosexuality, which is immoral and unnatural.
Same-sex marriage violated the word of God, thus is incompatible with the beliefs of many religions.
Legalizing same-sex marriage promotes and advances the homosexual agenda, with children being targeted.
Civil unions and domestic partnerships afford many of the rights of marriage, thus marriage should not be expanded to include same-sex couples.
Same-sex marriage will speed up the assimilation of gay individuals into the mainstream heterosexual culture which will be detrimental to the homosexual community.
Marriage is an internationally recognized human right for all people.
Singling out and denying a group to marry based upon their sexual orientation is discrimination and subsequently creates a second class of citizens.
Gay people should have the right to get  married.
Gay people can be just fine parents.
Not sure.
Not sure.
Not sure.
Same-sex marriage is marriage between people of the same sex
Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples because they cannot produce children together.
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory.
discriminatory
Marriage has always been between a man and a woman.
There is more domestic abuse in homosexual couples.
Marriage is a religious commitment.
It is unfair not to afford homosexuals the same rights.
Gay marriage is a slippery slope to normalizing other fetishes.
Gay people should have the same rights as straight people
Marriage is for everyone
Gay Marriage should be legalized
Gay people deserve the right to marry
Marriage gives gay people rights over their partners
The bible defines homosexual acts as abominations. End of conversation.
How does traditional marriage between a man and a woman equal marriage between two men or two women? It doesn't!
Marriage was God's idea. He defined it as between a man and a woman only. End of conversation.
The Supreme Court overstepped its bounds by allowing it.
Who cares? If homosexuals want to get married, let them. What's the big deal?
yes i like gay
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory.
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory.
Gay couples make good parents.
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples because they cannot produce children together.
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory.
Gay couples make good parents.
Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples because they cannot produce children together.
Being homosexual is no matter of choice and homosexuals make good parents.
yes to gay marriage and adoption
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples because they cannot produce children together.
Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.
Gay couples make good parents.
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory
