human rights encompass all equally
not all marriages reproduce so same sex couples should not be treated differently just because they cannot biologically reproduce with each other
same sex increase the chances of leading to other unaccepted marriages and non traditional marriages
Allowing same-sex marriage will lead to an increase in the AIDS epidemic.
same-sex marriage is marriage between two people who love one another
The Bible is against homosexuality.
Gay people can be just fine parents.
For tax purposes same sex couples should be able to file jointly.
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples because they cannot produce children together.
One person's believes should not affect another persons rights.
same sex couples should have the same financial benefits
Same sex partners deserve the same rights others enjoy.
homosexuals should be able to adopt kids
gay couples should have the same basic human rights as other people.
God intended marriage to between a man and woman only.
Legalizing same sex marriage protects the children of these unions.
Gay couples will make good parent
Legalizing same-sex marriage promotes and advances the homosexual agenda  with children being targeted.
homosexuals can be as good a person as a heterosexual
There is no evidence that same-sex couples are any more likely to get divorced than opposite-sex couples.
DISCRIMINATION AGAINST PEOPLE IS APPLICABLE IN DENYING THE RIGHTS OF PEOPLE DUE TO GENDER/SEXUAL PREFERENCE
Same sex couples should have access to the same benefits and securities as couples of opposite sex
Same-sex marriage allows same sex couples to share health insurance benefits like any other married couple.
Same-sex marriage will speed up the assimilation of gay individuals into the mainstream heterosexual culture which will be detrimental to the homosexual community.
Everybody have freedom of their choice and therefore should be entitled for same sex marriage
it undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as a being between a man and a woman
Love is a right.
Same sex marriage is relative to people's culture and belief
Denying marriage to only certain groups is discrimination.
same sex marriage is unlike any other marriage
A persons sexuality does not determine if they are good parents
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples
same sex marriage will benefit society because couples can depend on each other for social security and recognition of status
same sex violate the word of God hence is incompatible with the belief of many religion
all of age and sound mind human beings should be able to choose  freely to whom they want to marry  it is not a choice for the government to limit
They are human beings and must be able to fulfill their desires
Same sex marriage doesn't affect ones parenting style
Same-sex marriage demeans heterosexual marriage.
Gay people have shown to raise children well or better like other couples.
Homosexuality is a sin.
Parenting capabilities should not be determined by whether a person is gay or not as parents from opposite sex marriages are also capable of bad parenting
Marriage is between two people not the government.
The Supreme Court overstepped its bounds by allowing same-sex marriage.
marriage of gay couples provides a more stable environment for raising children
Same-sex couples should  have the same duties as heterosexuals Marriages
Singling out and denying a group to marry based upon their sexual orientation is discrimination and subsequently creates a second class of citizens.
Marriage should only be between a man and a woman.
Same sex marriage should be allowed
Marriage is a religious commitment.
Marriage is an internationally recognized human right for all people.
Same-sex marriage undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as being between a man and a woman.
Children of same-sex couples will turn out gay.
Legalization of same sex marriage should be approved because it's their choice
Same-sex couples should have their rights protected by the government.
Allow same sex couple
religious beliefs should not enter into the right to marry
same sex should be practiced
Same sex marriage should not be legalized because its againts God's will
Gay couple shouldn't be discriminated
marriage is a legal contract and should be open to all consenting adults
We all must have the same rights
Gay people should have the right to get  married.
Legalizing same sex marriage protects marriage.
There are consequences for children of same-sex marriages as children need to have a male father and female mother.
People should have the same benefits in regards  to marriage no matter what
Same sex Marriaged should not get especial legal  treatment
Marriage has always been between a man and a woman.
The biological part should play major role in taking decisions on same sex-marriage
Same-sex marriage violated the word of God thus is incompatible with the beliefs of many religions.
Marriage should be a choice for everyone.
Same-sex marriage is consistent with homosexuality which is immoral and unnatural.
It is not natural for two people of the same gender to be married.
its not my buisness who you choose to be with
Same sex marriage is the same as heterosexual marriage and should not be treated differently.
Allowing gay marriage is encouraging same sexual relationships that can lead  to AIDs
It is not ok to let children see Same Sex Marriage
Homosexuals are good parents
Civil unions and domestic partnerships afford many of the rights of marriage thus marriage should not be expanded to include same-sex couples.
Gay couples should have the same rights as other couples
There is no evidence that opposite-sex couples make better parents than same-sex couples.
Gay couples are more than capable of providing good homes to needy children.
Gay Marriage should be legalized
Churches should be able to not allow same sex marriages as part of their rights.
Same-sex marriages increase the chances of leading to other unaccepted marriages and non-traditional marriages such as incest, polygamy and bestiality.
Legalization of same sex marriage are good for LGBT community
The bible defines homosexual acts as abominations. End of conversation.
same-sex couples should have the possibility of making a family
Adoption by same sex partners can provide a home to a child in need.
Love is love no matter the gender.
It is unfair not to afford homosexuals the same rights.
Legalizing same sex marriage protects the partners.
Same sex marriages should not be denied and marriage is marriage regardless
Gay marriage is a slippery slope to normalizing other fetishes.
homosexuals make good parents
Marriage is for everyone
If same sex couples were to adopt it would confuse the child
Gay couple could love each other more than a heterosexual couple
Homosexuality is not a disease
Should be the same conditions for gay and heterosexual couples
Every person should have the right to marry who they choose.
Same sex couples should have the same benefits as heterosexual couples
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory
Marriage should not be a political argument.
Banning same-sex marriage is a violation of the separation of church and state.
Saying that gay people should get married is like saying that a brother can marry his sister  both are at higher risk of disease.
Same sex adopting will solve the issue of overcrowded orphanages.
Same sex couple love just as do everyone else and are entitled the right to the same benefits as other human beings
Allowing same-sex marriage will create a "slippery slope" where people will begin to fight for other alternative marriages  such as polygamy.
Marriage equality provides legitimacy to already existing relationships.
Same-sex couples are just as capable  of forming a family unit.
Marriage is a basic human right
Gay couple are responsible like a heterosexual couple
Marriage was God's idea. He defined it as between a man and a woman only. End of conversation.
it should not be legalized
How does traditional marriage between a man and a woman equal marriage between two men or two women? It doesn't!
Gay couples are a good example for all the people
gay couples who want to raise children should have the same rights as opposite sex couples
Gay people deserve the right to marry
Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.
Same sex couples should have the same financial obligations in divorce that heterosexual couples do.
same-sex marriage should be allowed as they are humans who feel emotions as well
same sex marriage is not moral
There is more domestic abuse in homosexual couples.
Gay people should have the same rights as straight people
civil union is not equal to marriage
Everyone deserves the freedom to commit themselves to their partner.
Same sex Marriage childrens will be victims of bulling
Same sex couples should have to same rights as everyone else
Marriage is a holy union for man amd woman not woman and woman
It is wrong to deny same sex couples the right to marry
everyone has the right to choose
same sex marriage should share thesame  benefits with other forms of marriage
Legalization of gay marriage leads down the slippery slope of eliminating gender identity  leading to gender confusion.
homosexuals should have the same rights as heterosexuals
In the instance that it is believed marriage is for reproduction purposes same sex marriages do not fit this standard
Gay couples should not be able to adopt a child because it would be confusing for a child.
it is discriminatory to deny same-sex couples options to marry
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory.
Same-sex couples have the right to be happy
Making committed human connections is good for physical and mental health.
Gay couples have relationships just like heterosexual couples.
Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples
God loves all the people for equal
marriage is an international recognized human right for all people
homosexual marriage is not somthing out of the norms
Same sex marriage shouldn't be up for debate
same-sex marriage does not take away from the important message of marriage
Legalization of Same-sex Marriage is not Natural
marriage is just a piece of paper
Homosexuality is not a choice and should not be treated as one.
same sex marriage promotes stability of same sex relationships the same as heterosexual couples
Same-sex marriages should be accepted by churches.
it is wrong to discriminate against homosexuals