Marijuana is not healthy
Marijuana is not a drug
marijuana should be as readily available as cigarettes are.
Cannabis has legitimate medical effects
Marijuana can help cancer patients feel better
If cigarettes are legal Marijuana should be to because marijuana  is healthier  for you than tobacco.
marijuana legalisation can be hazardous
Marijuana should be denied to people
marijuana helps suffering of diseases
Cannabis is nontoxic.
marijuana should be legailzed
Marijauna kills brain cells.
Legalizing marijuana reduces the prison population.
marijuana could help people with eating disorders
Marijuana is addictive.
Proper administration and monitoring of marijuana can keep use safe and useful
Marijuana is less harmful than other drugs (such as alcohol)
Marijuana is fun
marijuana can be used strictly for medical use of relieving pain
There is nothing wrong with marijuana
Legalization of Marijuana is good for the economy
Marijuana causes damage to the Brain.
The government should not promote the use of marijuna.
Marijuana could cause harm to society
overuse of marijuana can be problematic
Marijuana as being legal can create a delusion with young people that it is okay and may lead to extensive drug use
Marijuana is a gateway drug.
Legalization of Marijuana will result in an increase of Stoned Driving and Related Cases.
The government should legalize marijuana nationwide.
Marijuana has many health benefits that have yet to be explored.
Legalizing marijuana can allow another tax revenue.
Marijuana causes memory loss.
Legalization of marijuana would increase the index of delinquency
Marijuana helps treat a number of diseases.
Legalizing marijuana will keep people out of jail.
marijuana eases pain
People who smoke marijuana perform just as well at their jobs as people who don't smoke marijuana.
marijuana has been proven to help with migraines
Legalizing marijuana helps people with chronic pain.
marijuana use will not increase just because it is legalized
Expanding the legal use of marijuana makes the illegal use easier.
Legalizing marijuana lowers crime.
Those that are capable of responsible usage in regards to medicinal purposes should be allowed access to legal marijuana
Legalizing marijuana removes the forbidden fruit factor of its use.
The Founding Fathers grew and smoked hemp.
Marijuana can help with a number of health conditions
Marijuana is incorrectly labelled as a Class 1 Narcotic.
Freely available marijuana condones its recreational use.
Marijuana is recognized in the medical profession as an aid for the greatly sick people.
Marijuana is less harmful than consuming legal substances such as alcohol or tobacco.
Decriminalizing marijuana can lead to decreased crime rates
legalization results in a reduction in the Business for Drug Dealers (Including Terrorists).
If Marijuana gets Legalized it should pay big amounts of taxes
Medical marijuana can aid in methods that do not improve health
Cannabis is not physically addictive.
Marijuana can be harmful
marijuanna use can help cope with stress
marijuana use is less addictive than tobacco use
Marijuana has side effects
marijuana use is less dangerous than alcohol use
Marijuana use can help people suffering from pain or chronic illness
Legalization of Marijuana will be very important to sick people
Marijuana smoking is an offence
Marijuana helps some people out in life
No drugs should be  legalized
Legalizing marijuana will make it easier for people to become addicted to it
legal authorities will benefit from legalizing marijuana as it will reduce illegal use and prosecutions
Marijuana is safer than cigarettes and alcohol.
The accepatance of legal marijuana can cause people to become lax in other drug use
Exceptions should be considered allow people with medical issues that will benefit from legalization of Marijuana
Legalization of marijuana can entail encouragement and may cause people to recklessly engage in other illegal drugs
legalizing medical maraijuana creates a new tax base
legalizing marijuana use allows police authorities focus on other crimes
Legalizing marijuana would keep individual states from violating the federal law.
Expanding marijuana legality encourages illegal use.
marijuana should be scarce
It is impossible to overdose on marijuana.
Marijuana should be legalized and approve for medical issues
Marijuana alleviates the suffering of people with chronic diseases.
Keeping marijuana illegal just leads to increased police efforts to stop the use of the drug.
Marijuana alleviates the suffering of people with chronic diseases. 
Cannabis saves lives.
Marijuana should be discouraged
Marijuana has helped several incurable diseases.
The sale of Marijuana can help boost the economy.
Policing marijuana is not worth the effort and has led to brutality.
Legalization won’t lead to increased use.
The consumption on marijuana can lead to more serious drug use
marijuana should be made legal
Making cannabis illegal has not discouarged its use.
Marijuana helps glaucoma patients deal with their sight issues.
Marijuana is illegal. End of conversation.
Marijuana would cost society less if it were legal because the government could control the quality.
Marijuana use can lead to other drug use
Legalizing marijuana increases revenue for states.
Marijuana is not just a recreational drug.
Marijuana should be completely legal but subject to the same rules as liquor.
Marijuana prohibition has proved ineffective at preventing marijuana usage.
Leagaliazation can cause competition with people in places that it is illegal
There have been no overdoses or risks with the use of marijuana.
No one is harmed in the consumption of marijuana.
Cannabis has medical properties.
Legalizing marijuana will stimulate the local economy.
Marijuana is bad for your health.
Legalizing marijuana would make it safer because it would be regulated.
Marijuana can be used to treat physical and mental conditions
People with chronic illness have benefited by the use of Marijuana.
promoting the use of marijuana will increase damage of human brain
The whole process is of legalisation could have adverse effects on the masses
allowing the legal use of marijuana will prevent drug dealers from selling it at  high price rate
promoting any drugs can be a gateway to harder drugs
Legalizing marijuana opens a new market and strengthens the economy.
Government should not approve the legalization of Marijuana
drug abuse can kill
Marijuana users have a grdeater risk of having children with ADD and other similar conditions.
Marijuana has medical benefits
Danger of Second-Hand Smoke to Bystanders.
Freely available marijuana encourages recreational use.
medical marijuana can benefit terminally ill
legalization should conly occur once laws surrounding when and where marijuana use is allowed are established
Legalization may make it appear that drugs are more acceptable for recreational usage
Marijuana is a less dangerous drug than alcohol.
Prohibition has enormous social costs
There is no correlation between marijuana use and harder drug use.
The benefits of criminalization are minuscule to nonexistent
Making marijuana legal limits issues of crossing state lines.
legalization of marijuana will result to people not pushing hard drugs
The government should discourage any drug usage.
Legalization of Marijuana promote violence in the streets
Marijuana has some effective uses
Legalization of Marijuana should not be approved
legalization of marijuana removes the profit incentive for drug cartels
Medicinal marijuana should be legalized
Marijuana should be legalized for medical purposes only
Legalizing medical marijuana will reduce illegal sale of marijuana
Marijuana is proven to have medical benefits.
People who use marijuana are mentally stuck at the age they were when they began using the drug.
decriminalizing marijuana redirects the profit from th black market to govrnment funding