Vaccines keep us healthy
vaccinations help prevent sickness
More funding for vaccination
vaccinations saves lives
Doctors and science are more educated on vaccinations than parents and religious organizations
Vaccines save people's lives.
should promote campaigns for vaccination
Vaccines are necessary to attack strong diseases
Vaccines are trusted science
vaccination must be a staple in medical benefits
vaccines are very helpful and very needed
Some people have side effects
Vaccine's should be for everyone.
Vaccinations are expensive and yet not 100% safe
Vaccinations should be a choice
vaccinations should be mandatory
Someone who is not vaccinated is at higher risk of getting certain diseases
vaccines are goood
Vaccinations should be mandatory for all school children.
The ingredients in vaccines are unsafe in the amounts used.
Proper vaccinations are safe
Vaccines can cause serious and fatal side effects
People should be allowed to make their own decisions about medical choices for their children.
vaccinations cause autism
vaccines improve the lives of citizens
Everyone should have certain vaccines
Vaccine's can protect other people.
Children should be vaccinated from childhood
People should not be forced to vaccinate
Vaccination prevents outbreaks of easily preventable diseases.
Side effects of vaccinations are rare.
vaccines prevent deadly diseases
Vaccines increase the risk of autism.
Vaccine's can help one from getting sick.
the vaccines must be given by people who are very prepared to put them
The government should  intervene in personal medical choices.
vaccines do not suit people with AIDS
Vaccines prevent disease outbreaks
Vaccines should be mandatory when entering a public or private school
vaccines endagers the human system in some areas
Vaccines can cause serious and fatal side effects.
Help for health
vaccination should be free
Vaccine's should be mandatory.
The benefits of vaccines outweigh the risks.
Once a child is born must be vaccinaced
vaccination should be asked to get in school
vaccines are key to development in Africa
Vaccines are crucial to make sure diseases don't start
Vaccines prevent disease
All the people have right to have all the vaccines
Most medical doctors and other healthcare professionals are positive about what has been achieved through vaccination in preventing and eradication a number of life threatening diseases.
The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the amounts used
Viruses like human papilloma can only be prevented with the vaccine
This issue is about whether and under what conditions vaccination should be done
It should be a parents choice whether to vaccinate or not
This issue is about whether and under what conditions
vaccination should be important
vaccines do not make you develop diseases
vaccines ensure public safety
Vaccination must be madatory
Not everyone wants this
The people an choose if they want participe in vaccination or not
vaccination should be compulsory
patients have the right to know what is in vaccines
Not vaccinating your child is unhealthy for the child and its contemporaries
Some vaccines are very expensive for the public, such as HPV vaccines
no vaccination can lead o people getting sick or even killed by a virus
Vaccines can have adverse side effects sucj us the disease that the vaccine is trying to prevent
Medical treatments like vaccines should be for all the people
compulsory vaccination would avoid epidemics
Vaccines can end up saving childrens lives
Vaccination is good for everyone's health
vaccine ingredients are not always disclosed to patients
the government must interfere with holistic methods that are not safe/anti vaccination
Vaccines have never been proven to work.
people who are against vaccinations are not smart
vaccines are a dirty business of pharmaceuticals.
Mandatory vaccination should be implemented
Vaccination is the administration of antigenic material
vaccines have a positive effect on people's health
Vaccine's can be good for kids.
The benefits of vaccinations far outweigh the risks.
Artificial immunity will compromise the body’s ability to defend itself for a long time.
Vaccinations increase herd immunity
Vaccination is too expensive.
Vaccines are an example of where the common good outweighs individual rights.
vaccines are not perfect
Most Vaccines are tested and proven to be safe
Vaccines prevent public health epidemics.
vaccines should be required by law
any method is necessary to prevent major tragedies
vaccination protect the young ones
The government should not intervene in personal medical choices.
Vaccines save people's lives
vaccines can cause adverse reactions
vaccines are needed
vaccines has to me somthing thats readilly avvailable for people to buy
parents should choose whether or not to have their child vaccinated
vaccination saves lives
There are social groups that need more information about it
Vaccines helpful for health
there must be greater support from medical institutes
Vaccinations can safeguard against deadly diseases and viruses
vaccinations prevents disease
vaccines provide immunity
a greater number of people should be reached
Government should leave vaccinations to medical practioners
It is safe to use vaccines if the doctor recommends it
Vaccines are necessary for our safety
Vaccinations don't just protect individuals, they protect the whole country for diseases.
vaccines can have side effects
vaccines do not suit people with diabetes
The theory of herd immunity has never been proven.
Vaccines are Important for Newborns
some people are unable to receive vaccines
vaccines are not safe for health
There is the risk of harmful and toxic chemicals being introduced to the body.
The continents in vaccines are safe in the small amounts they contain.
vaccination should be mandatory at an early age
it should be mandatory for all people to get vaccines to protect everyone else
Vaccines can cause very harmful side effects and are not always safe
Vaccination programs have been carried out extensively and have totally eradicated life threatening diseases from the human race.
Vaccines should be free
Vaccinations are safe.
Children should not be allowed in school or daycare unless vaccinated
Early vaccines are safe
This issue is about whether and under what conditions vaccination should be done and what positive or negative consequences of vaccination are.
Vaccines must be free
The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the amounts used.
All people should have acces to vaccines
Vaccines should be implemented
vaccines should be mandatory
vaccines prevent people from harmful diseases
Diseases are more controlled under vaccines
A lot of money has been saved since the advent and adoption of vaccination.
vaccines need to be mandatory to promote safe health
must have a containment plan when a new disease is discovered
Not everyone has the chance to get them
schools shouldn't require vaccinations
No tested Vaccines are dangerous
vaccinatations need to be regulated
Vaccines help us live longer and protect us from fatal diseases
People who do not vaccinate put others at a higher risk.