Journalists should always present both sides of an issue equally.
Journalists intentionally report news in a way that makes republicans look bad.
Journalists have right to express their point of view
Mainstream media is very biast because they are looking for a reaction out of certain people
media should be unbiased
The information must be shown in the media bluntly
media bias will never go away
do not trust the media
media has the power to influence the audience, but often is not used for good
dont use mainstream media if you dont agree
journalists should be upright
Journalist should follow the journalist creed
if you don't watch the media this isn't a problem
everybody is biased
Journalist should not be biased
Media needs to present the facts.
journalists only cover stories that support their own opinion
News people just want to make money
media alters the perception of a situation
journalists should report facts
you can't believe anything you read anymore
Journalist should not accept bribe
Media Bias is a real thing
People need to get their facts straight before just going on what they hear from one source
reporters now care more about politics
mainstream media provides a relative objective view
Fox News is the only unbiased news source.
Media needs to be closely monitored by the public.
Too many articles covered in the mainstream media are biased and untruthful
the truth will set us free
too many networks show biased news
the truth should be spoken no matter the price
A newscast should not be obvious what the political leanings of the journalist(s) is/are
journalists are meant to be true to the core
Lower more fragmented reach and lower rated programs than network TV.
Democratic journalism
Journalist should not be manipulated by politicians
journalist should be just
Freedom of the press prevents the government or other third parties from controlling the media.
People naturally share their opinion and is not biased among journalists
There is too much spin by the media.
Some reporters are aggressive.
mainstream media is not doing what its suppose to do
Common sense helps in looking beyond media bias
No bias should be encouraged
The media needs to present fair and balanced news.
Journalism is more about boosting ratings than getting the true story.
By Biasing information journalists injury others
Some media outlets adhere to journalistic teachings of avoiding bias and withholding personal opinions
is not has national level is worldwide
rEPORTERS SOMETIMES HAVE BIASED VIEWS
Not all people in the media provide falsifications
Journalism should be free and fair
the society deserves the truth
Journalist are not honest people
bias is part of human nature
There needs to be no third party influences in the media.
It's not fair to many
Media bias is why many Americans choose not to watch the news or read newspapers anymore.
if you dont like one media then consume another
Media is biased in favor of the left
Much of what is put out by the media today is sensationalized.
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminate
that are reported and how they are covered.
media bias will always be around
This issue is about whether media bias is a real thing
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated
Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate
the media are evil companies
they have to have policies for fake news people
somemedia only project their strict bias and it hurts a majority of people i.e. fox news
The articles should have a subjective view
All the stories should be covered in an honest way
Media bias should be prohibited
Media is liberal biased because the liberals are right.
newspapers should penalize these writers
The electoral college is suspect.
Most of the media is geared towards a specific audience making it very biast
many journalists prioritize the business above the information
journalist should be upright
Every body has its owns preferences
media bias mostly affects celebrities
Most journalists are biast because that is human nature
journalist should not b bias
bribes should not overtake our media
Media should report the facts and not opinions
CNN is the main source of being a total left wing partisan
Mainstream media still provides a relatively objective view.
Declining ratings and decreasing audience.
journalists are nice
Poor geo-targeting, although using local channels can solve this to an extent.
thanks to the media, we have a free world perspective
There should be better enforcement in the laws that go with journalism and mainstream media
false statements should be sanctioned
A journalist must avoid biasing news
Reporters don't always fully look into a topic
Journalist's job is to report the truth and facts
the goal of a reporter is to tell the truth
Not all journalists report the truth
it is easy to find media coverage that supports your opinion
BBC is the most moderate news source
news are hard to believe
journalists should be more honest
News should be said the way it happened
journalists write false stories to gain readers
bias may be part of human nature but it can still be mediated to not blatantly show in media
media should present multiple sides of each issue
without media there is no freedom
A journalist's job is to report the truth to the public and should not accept gifts from any third party.
Reporters lie a lot
mainstream media is now in support of political propagands
Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful
all media outlets are biased
With blogs in the media and administrated via outlests, bias is part of media mainstream
so many stories are based on what type of story a politician want
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated -
media bias is too little to worry about
Fox News is biased in favor of the right
The media should not be biast because it gives people the wrong impression about some things
Much of what the media puts out today cannot be trusted.
Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful and honest stories.
many journalists give commentary on news stories
This issue is about whether media bias is a real thing.
Difficult to measure response.
news should be unbiased
Fake news is not a real problem
journalists should be impartial in their news.
The information must be objective and not manipulated
yes to journalism
The main problem in the information issued by the media is corruption
The media no longer provide immediate and truthful information
Too many articles covered in the mainstream media are biased and untruthful.
bias is part of human nature.
Sometimes reporters lie
there are already many yellow publishing houses
the people deserves th truth
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated -- bias is part of human nature.
The media has become too influential in political outcomes.
Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful and honest stories
Sometimes it is very conflicting
buying a newspaper to read a fake news is a scam mode