The country already has too much debt to even consider funding healthcare.
Every one should be treated equally
Must be accessible to low-income people
Free health care leads to people not taking care of their health
Health care should be universal in the United States
The affordable health care act will cause an increase in health care costs.
People with Pre-Existing Health Conditions Can No Longer Be Denied Coverage
healthcare should be free for all
Cheap medicine is accessible to those who need it
The middle class should have to pay higher taxes, because they will use more government funds for their healthcare.
Free market capitalism doesn't work for health care, because a person who is keeling over from a heart attack doesn't have time to select the best hospital with the most affordable cost.
Once you give people health care, you cannot take it back
increased number Americans Have Health Insurance
The Obama care program has to many loopholes
everyone should be provided basic health care
obama care is bad
Universal health care is slow.
every deserves a chance at life.
Things to save people life should be offered freely to them.
Healt Care should be paid but subsidiate by th goverment
access to basic medical care will lower the total overall cost for everyone
Health is wealth and should be encouraged
Having access to health care makes the population more secure.
All people should have right to a safe life
The law also includes spending. Upfront spending and more regulation are required to realize long-term cost-curbing measures.
Medicines should regulate their price or be free in hospitals
People shouldn't die because they can't afford the cure.
Free health care is just another entitlement
healthcare should not be free for unemployed people
By giving people free health care it can lead to them being lazy.
the poor should have a chance
It is very necessary for certain social groups
Affordable Health Care Act should not be replaced
Saving a life should be a top priority regardless of health care
There should be more competitive prices for health care.
government needs to make people healthy
free health care
Affordable Health Care Act should remain in the US
The health care act is very good
letting a person die for not having to pay for their medicine is a form of murder
Affordable Health Care Act is affordable
More Americans Have Health Insurance
Medical treatments are only for people that can afford treatments
preventative care is beneficial for the entire health care system
ObamaCare’s many protections ensure that you can’t be dropped from coverage when you get sick or make an honest mistake on your application
health insurance should be cheaper for people who are healthy FOR THEIR AGE
All people should have access to medicines
Medical care should be a human right
Health care should be guaranteed for all Americans.
An unregulated market ensures cheap medicine
Everyone should have access to basic medical care.
government needs to keep epople healthy
Having health insurance lowers medical costs.
yes that's the great idea
obacamacare provides healhtcare for all
Health care should be for everyone regardless of monetary status
Health care should be free for everyone
A low cost medicine pogram help to improve Heatl care
healthcare is the basis of living
Free health care leads to people not taking care of their health.
Obama care should not be scrapped
Life saving drugs should be free for everyone.
everyone needs insurance
cancer treatment should be subsidized
Life saving drugs should be afforable for everyone
we should get rid of the health insurance middle man
No body has to die because they have no money
no one should be deprived of health care
More enlightenment pass on Obama care
There are now more private coverage options, and all major medical coverage options must provide minimum essential coverage.
health care should be offered to anyone in need
Health care should be offered to all with a doctor determining to end a patients care for negative reasonings
people who are paying for healthcare suffer
Unemployed must revice free Health care
Health should be free for all unemployed people.
Everyone should have access to cheap healthcare.
It is of benefit to society
obama care must make sure that health concerns are treated with utmost priority
In its current form, the Affordable Care Act is not sustainable
Health care should not punish people for pre-existing conditions.
Heath care access is important in leveling the playing field between classes.
Obama care is a waste of money
The premiums for the Affordable Care Act are too expensive
The benefits is for the population
make out easI through healthcare
The Obama care program is to costly
all for the global health
public health is a necessity
By having Obama Care it makes people use cheap medicine.
Health coverage should be optional.
healthcare should be available to all us citizens
obama care should not exist
Young adults can stay on their parents’ plans
Health care is our right to life.
You Can Be Fined if You Don’t Have Insurance
health must be a right of all people
People should pay to mantain good health
healthcare should be free
Obama Care helps thousands of individuals get the care they deserve.
every person has the right to access basic medical care
healthcare professionals should not have to pay taxatoin of medicaid
healthcare professionals should not suffer with no health insurance and not be charged for it either
a  BENEFIT OF UNREGULATED HEALTH CARE IS LOWER COST OF MEDICINE ALTHOUGH IT WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE WITHOUT HEALTH CARE
Lower Prescription Drug Costs
government is important
Free market on drugs lets people raise the price.
it helps the citizen
all americans should have free basic medical care
health care should be free for all
Life saving drugs should be free for everyone
No Time Limits on Care
pre-existing conditions should be covered
business should not determine how much a person should suffer for medicine
obama care should provide a measure for free health care
subsidies for health insurance should be reduced at the top end of the spectrum
Obama care can do good in the world.
unregulated health care markets are not beneficial to the american public, they create pricing gouges for certain life saving drugs, ie the epi pens
Let the poor have a good healthcare
A persons life should be more important than their capability to pay for it
All people deserve access to health care.
The first step toward Universal Health Care is Obama Care, backed by the Affordable Care Act.
Health care should be more affordable.
Individuals living in poverty deserve health care, and Obama Care helps to make it happen.
Employment status should not be tied to access to health care.
the pricing models of obama care must be made affordable
Affordable Health Care Act is good for all
Some regulations on healthcare and drug pricing is necessary to ensure access to both without economic disaster from price gouging
This issue includes the efficiency of the health care system
An unregulated market ensures cheap medicine.
It is the humane thing to do to provide healthcare for those that cannot afford it
obama care should be removed
More Screenings Are Covered
A health care system is the organization of people, institutions, and resources that deliver health care services to meet the health needs of target population
Healthcare should be handled on the state level, not on the federal level.
Medical treatments should be free for all the people
The program should  subsidiate expensives medicines
Taxes Are Going up as a Result of the ACA
Obama Care should remain the law of the land, as it covers more indivdiuals.
government should help people
the government must run the expenses of the sick
Our curent healthcare system is outrageous.
Obama care is helpful
us citixzen health care should be free for unemployed poppulation
Many People Have to Pay Higher Premiums
Life should not be only for wealthy as wealthy people are no better than those less fortunate
Health Insurance Is More Affordable for Many People
healthcare is expensive
all healthcare should be free
The wealthier you are, the more you should have to pay to help fellow Americans.
Affordable Health Care Act is good for the country
The Obama care program should be revised
Everyone should have access to basic medical care
No more dropping sick patients
us citizens must be charged but on a mimimal level
People should not be taxed for being poor.
People may rely on free health care to substitute there own role in maintaining healthy lifestyle choices
All citizens should benefits from it
everyone should receive healthcare
People should have access to lifesaving medical opportunities
Obama care should be encouraged
all americans should get the same health insurance that congress gets
a drug should be available for anyone who needs their life saved
Health is wealth
CHIP has expanded to cover up to 9 million children.
Access to preventative medicine reduces more expensive medical costs later.
drugs that help save lives should be accessible
Tens of millions of uninsured people have access to affordable, high-quality health insurance through Medicaid expansion, their employers, and the Health Insurance Marketplace.