It is sensible to withhold funding from groups that go against our country's moral such as anti-semitism
Sending troops is not helpful if we are not wanted there
The U.S. has interferred in issues unrelated to us and we have been informed that we are not wanted
Inclusion with warring in other countries does turn our friends foe into ours
If lives can be saved then our assistance in Iraq is warranted
US should stop engaging middle east conflict
US should protect America against terrorism
US should not interfere Palestinian fight with Israel
US should really mind their own business
US must stop aiding Israel to avoid conflict with other middle eastern countries
US should leave Iraq
War in Iraq by US
Freedom for iraq
War in Iraq is not worth it
Middle East should be left alone
The US needs to let the Middle East solve its own problems.
Regime change in the Middle East leads to bigger problems.
The US should not interfere in the politics of the Middle East.
ISIS is a direct result of the US involvement in the Middle East.
The war in Afghanistan cannot be won.
The USA has the military force to intervene in the Middle East so they should use it.
America  should deal with the problems in their own country before interfering int he Middle East
As a political super power the USA should use it's power to protect itself and allies from the Middle East
The USA is doing more more harm than good in the middle east by harming innocent civilians.
Terrorist groups must be stopped at all costs by the US and its allies combined.
Merely sending troops id not effective
To improve relations in Iraq it is affirmative to send troop to Iraq
Aiding in trying to secure lives in Iraq is worth the cost of helping them
Prevention of anti-semitism is worth withholding funds
Unfortunately trying to help has caused disdain for the West
False
Aggressive
Aggressive
false
false
USA interference will only cause north koreea creating new measures of  war
USA did it to protect their allies
USA is doing it because they are alies with south korea
they are in for their personal interest
their interference with their politics will cost more harm than good
The ongoing conflict in the Middle East justifies United States assistance.
The United States is in a place of power to help resolve problems in the Middle East.
Middle Eastern people are the same as United States citizens.
Forcing beliefs on established Middle East cultures will only cause negative reactions.
Acceptance of differences in Middle Eastern cultures is paramount in resolving current conflict.
The terrorists could attack  united state
Their operations should be reduce by a more powerful force
Terrorist are dominating the middle East since the war
Reducing their activity is a responsibility of the Us
They middle East has be disorganized by this group
US CREDIBILITY ON THE LINE
We must fight terrorism
We must show we are strong
We must contain Iran
To secure oil
The US is world power and can  intervene.
Terrorism should be stopped.
Middle east is full I terror.
Let the US fight with them.
The middle east should cooperate with US.
best way it is
so best
good
the best
America should not send ground troops to the middle east.
There are many mixed feelings about US Engagement in the middle east
US Engagement in the middle east needs to be carefully addressed
we cannot make any irrational decisions about US Engagement in the middle east
US Engagement in the middle east has already caused problems
US Engagement in the middle east has also helped some people in the middle east
The US should leave them alone
The US shouldn't bother those people
The Us should try to protect themselve
The Us shouldn't be meddling
The US should try to keep themselves safe
The U.S. should not accept any Muslim refugees.
All Muslims should be regarded as terrorists.
War with Syria is imminent.
The U.S. should not favor Israel over Palestine.
ISIS must be destroyed at all cost.
The USA should not send any military to Iraq
The war with Iraq was pointless and very costly
The USA should be concerned with terrorists entering the usa
Not every middle eastern is a terrorist
Putting troops in Iraq is just asking for a war
US should not meddle in business that is not theits
Us should withdraw troops from middle east
US interference has only hurt more countries, including the US
US itnerference has hurt US economically
The war has cost a lot
US interference in the middle East has done a lot to destabilize the region.
The US should focus on what is good for the middle East not what is good for us.
US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism.
US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism Islamic racism.
The US should support humanitarian groups in the middle East.
good
fear
fear
fear
fear
US has to take the lead in global leadership.
US has to participate in the Middle East to monitor and prevent terrorism.
US needs to strengthen its allies in the Middle East.
US participation in the Middle East can open more diplomacy opportunities.
US cannot be in isolation.
we should stop invading counttries
it cost more money
stop getting into other countries personal affairs
keep our soldiers home
stop spending money in pther countries and spend it in our own
The U.S. needs to be more involved.
The U.S. needs to be more involved.
The U.S. needs to be more involved.
The U.S. needs to be more involved.
The U.S. needs to be more involved.
USa is strong
USA is ok
USA is right
USA is terror anti
USA needs to help
Ea enim at elit vitae voluptatem quis sit sint in aut dignissimos consectetur quibusdam corporis est
Ut suscipit iure quod aut natus ut quod nesciunt fuga Voluptas commodi unde cupiditate labore vitae aliqua Pariatur Quisquam pariatur
Corporis veniam fugiat tempora fugiat veritatis exercitationem fugiat illum modi quia vel eveniet consequatur voluptatem est ut et fugit
Sit Nam qui eos deleniti ea modi id saepe nulla qui labore ex nemo id labore
Dolore voluptate dolore voluptatem proident et optio autem laborum Ea hic
Americans should not send groud troops to the middle east
terrorism should be stopped
America should interfere they are the sit of power
the middle east is full of chaos
American should stop the dispute
Withholding funds to Palestinian
America should not send ground troops to the middle east.
USA's interference in middle east politics
The war in Iraq was worth the costs.
The war in middle east  was worth the costs.
The Iraq war has cost too many American lives
America's involvement in the Middle East has lead to increased terrorism
The US should pull out of the Middle East
Those in the MIddle East feel the US has butted in where it doesn't belong
The war in the Middle East is about politics
The US should not engage in further warfare in the Middle East.
The US should continue to conduct humanitarian efforts in the Middle East.
The war in Iraq was not worth the cost of human life.
The war in Iraq was not worth the financial burden placed on the US economy.
President Trump should not provide a timeline for troops but should not increase troops.
America should not send troops to the middle east
The war in Iraq is wasting money
The war in the middle east wastes military resources
The military should be sent home from the middle east
The war is not helping anybody middle east nor america
Withholding funds to Palestinian
America should not send ground troops to the middle east.
USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West.
The war in Iraq was worth the costs.
This includes different forms of engagement
This can bring another war
America should not engage with the middle east
Usa's intervention in middle east can bring a disaster
Usa's engagement in middle east is not a public interest topic
Usa's intervention in middle east should be discussed with the Country before act
War in the Middle East creates more terrorism.
Most of the attacks in the Middle East harm civilians more than terrorists.
Troops should not be sent to the Middle East.
Sending troops to the Middle East causes more problems than it solves.
Sending troops to the Middle East does not prevent terrorism.
1. Estados Unidos tiene que mostrar su fuerza allí para prevenir el terrorismo.
1. Estados Unidos tiene que mostrar su fuerza allí para prevenir el terrorismo.
1. Estados Unidos tiene que mostrar su fuerza allí para prevenir el terrorismo.
1. Estados Unidos tiene que mostrar su fuerza allí para prevenir el terrorismo.
1. Tal vez el cambio climático no puede ser culpado por cada fenómeno climático
United States should maximize
United States must avoid the least action that leads to war
United States Must Seek Potential Allies
must ask for help to end terrorism
United States must prove to be a strong power
There must be cooperation between nations
Must fulfill responsibilities and duties
They should fulfill their commitments to peace and harmony
Military advance can bring conflicts
Before any compromise there must be a correct dialogue
iraq was better off before the u.s. invaded and took down hussein
the american public will not support further military engagement in the middle east
u.s. military engagement in the middle east is increasing the threat of terrorism
the u.s. should not 'take sides' in middle east conflicts
middle east countries should be allowed to determine their own future
Israel would be alone
US waste millions everyday in a struggling economy
Eliminate as many WMDs as possible
the war in Iraq was a war for oil not bad intelligence
Iraq posses no threat to United states
US should support with  more resources to prevent terrorism
US alies should let the US to train them against terrorists
The US should prevent Rusia to support Al Asad
It is needed to send more troops to siria
War in Middle East is too expensive for the US
us engagement in the middle east will help legitimate governments prevail
us engagement in the middle east will assist legitimate governments from being overrun by terrorist
the middle east is so war torn by fighting factions that the citizens make decisions in order to eat and stay alive, not for what will benefit them and their country
us engagement in the middle east will help keep terrorist cells from growing
us engagement in the middle east is controversial in the world and brings a lot of hatred and anti us sentiment  to the us
Eliminate as many WMDs as possible
Refusal to meet UN demands
A breeding ground for terrorists
More harm than good
The US Administration is trying to push through a system where they will pay these un-decided to join up and co-operate with them to help revitalize their country/cities.
Refusal to meet UN demands
A habitat for terrorists
remove as many WMDs as possible
More harm than good
The US Administration is trying to push through a system where they will pay these un-decided to join up and co-operate with them to help revitalize their country.
US is not the police of the world.
The war is a failure.
Not sure.
Not sure.
Not sure.
Withholding funds to Palestinian National Authority prevents anti-Semitism.
America should not send ground troops to the middle east.
USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West.
USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West.
The war in Iraq was worth the costs.
Engaging in the Middle East only fuels terrorism.
The U.S. should take an isolationist approach and not engage.
The war in Iraq was started under false pretenses.
We must spread democracy to the Middle East.
It is our duty to spread Western ideals to the Middle East.
The US should not get involve in other terriotories
The US needs to take a hard stand on terrorism
The Iraq war is proof that the US should stay away from the Middle East
The US should worry about their problems first
The US needs to stay away from the Middle East
The US should always, always, always support Israel.
If Israel did not exist, it would solve all of the problems in the Middle East.
Oil, oil, oil. It is important to protect oil producers in the Middle East.
Terrorism should be opposed in any part of the world, including the Middle East, because terrorism is wrong.
The US needs to show its support for Israel by moving its embassy to Jerusalem. It would make a big statement to the world, especially the UN.
of course if everything for our country
Withholding funds to Palestinian National Authority prevents anti-Semitism.
America should not send ground troops to the middle east
The war in Iraq was worth the costs
USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West
Withholding funds to Palestinian National Authority prevents anti-Semitism.
America should not send ground troops to the middle east.
USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West.
The war in Iraq was worth the costs.
The US has to show strength in the Middle East to prevent terrorism.
The war in Iraq was worth the costs.
USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West.
to protect our country
Withholding funds to Palestinian National Authority prevents anti-Semitism.
America should not send ground troops to the middle east
