All Muslims should be regarded as terrorists.
stop spending money in other countries and spend it in our own
US Engagement in the middle east has also helped some people in the middle east
War with Syria is imminent.
USA had to protect their allies
Withholding funds to Palestinian National Authority prevents anti-Semitism.
The Us should try to protect themselve
Terrorist groups must be stopped at all costs by the US and its allies combined.
US should support with  more resources to prevent terrorism
US should not interfere Palestinian fight with Israel
Eliminate as many WMDs as possible
As a political super power the USA should use it's power to protect itself and allies from the Middle East
US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism.
The USA is doing more more harm than good in the middle east by harming innocent civilians.
US CREDIBILITY IS ON THE LINE
Forcing beliefs on established Middle East cultures will only cause negative reactions.
ISIS must be destroyed at all cost.
America should not engage with the middle east
Usa's intervention in middle east should be discussed with the Country before act
War in Iraq is not worth it
Troops should not be sent to the Middle East.
It is sensible to withhold funding from groups that go against our country's moral such as anti-semitism
The USA has the military force to intervene in the Middle East so they should use it.
iraq was better off before the u.s. invaded and took down hussein
The U.S. should not accept any Muslim refugees.
us engagement in the middle east will help keep terrorist cells from growing
America should not send ground troops to the middle east
Sending troops to the Middle East causes more problems than it solves.
Sending troops to the Middle East does not prevent terrorism.
Usa's engagement in middle east is not a public interest topic
Those in the MIddle East feel the US has butted in where it doesn't belong
The US should focus on what is good for the middle East not what is good for us.
USA interference will only cause north koreea creating new measures of  war
Their operations should be reduce by a more powerful force
The US needs to take a hard stand on terrorism
The US should try to keep themselves safe
The war in Iraq is wasting money
It is needed to send more troops to siria
Sending troops is not helpful if we are not wanted there
America should not send ground troops to the middle east.
It is important to protect oil producers in the Middle East.
Inclusion with warring in other countries does turn our friends foe into ours
Reducing their activity is a responsibility of the Us
The war in Iraq was worth the costs.
The Iraq war is proof that the US should stay away from the Middle East
United States Must Seek Potential Allies
us engagement in the middle east is controversial in the world and brings a lot of hatred and anti us sentiment  to the us
Iraq posses no threat to United states
War in the Middle East creates more terrorism.
Engaging in the Middle East only fuels terrorism.
The war in Iraq was not worth the financial burden placed on the US economy.
US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism Islamic racism.
Regime change in the Middle East leads to bigger problems.
If Israel did not exist  it would solve all of the problems in the Middle East.
The terrorists could attack  united state
America's involvement in the Middle East has lead to increased terrorism
The US should continue to conduct humanitarian efforts in the Middle East.
The US should leave them alone
United States must prove to be a strong power
Not every middle eastern is a terrorist
Acceptance of differences in Middle Eastern cultures is paramount in resolving current conflict.
America  should deal with the problems in their own country before interfering int he Middle East
The United States is in a place of power to help resolve problems in the Middle East.
President Trump should not provide a timeline for troops but should not increase troops.
USA is right
War in Middle East is too expensive for the US
Before any compromise there must be a correct dialogue
The US needs to let the Middle East solve its own problems.
US cannot be in isolation.
The war in Iraq was not worth the cost of human life.
middle east countries should be allowed to determine their own future
US alies should let the US to train them against terrorists
US interference in the middle East has done a lot to destabilize the region.
US should stop engaging middle east conflict
The US should always support Israel.
US needs to strengthen its allies in the Middle East.
America should not send troops to the middle east
we cannot make any irrational decisions about US Engagement in the middle east
The war is not helping anybody middle east nor america
The US should support humanitarian groups in the middle East.
US is not the police of the world.
The US should worry about their problems first
US waste millions everyday in a struggling economy
US has to take the lead in global leadership.
The US should not engage in further warfare in the Middle East.
the u.s. should not 'take sides' in middle east conflicts
The U.S. has interferred in issues unrelated to us and we have been informed that we are not wanted
Aiding in trying to secure lives in Iraq is worth the cost of helping them
The war in the Middle East is about politics
The US has to show strength in the Middle East to prevent terrorism.
There are many mixed feelings about US Engagement in the middle east
The USA should not send any military to Iraq
The US should not interfere in the politics of the Middle East.
us engagement in the middle east will help legitimate governments prevail
Unfortunately trying to help has caused disdain for the West
We must show we are strong
US Engagement in the middle east needs to be carefully addressed
US should protect America against terrorism
United States should maximize
ISIS is a direct result of the US involvement in the Middle East.
USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West
The U.S. should not favor Israel over Palestine.
The war in Iraq was worth the costs
The US needs to stay away from the Middle East
the american public will not support further military engagement in the middle east
The US should prevent Rusia to support Al Asad
If lives can be saved then our assistance in Iraq is warranted
u.s. military engagement in the middle east is increasing the threat of terrorism
The US should pull out of the Middle East
The US shouldn't bother those people
They should fulfill their commitments to peace and harmony
We must spread democracy to the Middle East.
The war with Iraq was pointless and very costly
Middle East should be left alone
USA is doing it because they are alies with south korea
Terrorist are dominating the middle East since the war
The military should be sent home from the middle east
We must contain Iran
The U.S. should take an isolationist approach and not engage.
American should stop the dispute
The ongoing conflict in the Middle East justifies United States assistance.
Americans should not send groud troops to the middle east
us engagement in the middle east will assist legitimate governments from being overrun by terrorist
US should leave Iraq
Middle Eastern people are the same as United States citizens.
United States must avoid the least action that leads to war
It is our duty to spread Western ideals to the Middle East.
the war in Iraq was a war for oil not bad intelligence
USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West.
The Iraq war has cost too many American lives
The war in the middle east wastes military resources
US must stop aiding Israel to avoid conflict with other middle eastern countries
Usa's intervention in middle east can bring a disaster
Most of the attacks in the Middle East harm civilians more than terrorists.
US has to participate in the Middle East to monitor and prevent terrorism.
The war in Iraq was started under false pretenses.
The USA should be concerned with terrorists entering the usa
Us should withdraw troops from middle east
US participation in the Middle East can open more diplomacy opportunities.
US itnerference has hurt US economically
The US needs to show its support for Israel by moving its embassy to Jerusalem. It would make a big statement to the world .