US should hire skilled immigrants
immigration provides cultural growth
This includes immigration of certain groups
European countries are experiencing problems with refugee immigrants.
America should have receive all people that need help
It's in the public interest to acknowledge realities
Sometimes it is timely
people immigrating from other countries should be loyal to america if they are living here
Low cost workers come from Inmigration
Immigrants need to come into the US legally
As long as they get to remain in the United States legally, they will have jumped ahead of those in their home countries who are attempting legal entry
Immigrants contribute to the work force when they come to the country the right way
When a person immigrates to a new country they can assume new nationality with their new country
we need to limit the amount of refugees allowed
Multiculturalism is desirable.
Immigrants take work no one else wants.
immigration does not change national identity of a country built on immigrants
Immigrants helps boost US  economy
Immigrants good for US economy
Come to the US  through legal channels or don't come at all.
Bans against immigration are really just fronts for prejudice.
Some immigrants possess important skills that our country needs.
people are nice
The United States is already fully populated, so immigration should be restricted.
Legal immigration has brought some great scientists to the United States
Allowing immigrants into the country makes for a more skilled labor force.
illegal immigration is born from the difficulty of emigrating
Hi skilled migrants take job from us
Legal immigration provides increased diversity
immigrants are better workers
The country must watch the borders
elevate refugee immigration to the US; they deserve a safe haven
Visas should only be issued to students and workers.
Migrants have a positive impact on the economy.
Immigrants are needed to make up for aging populations.
immigration has always been a part of america
immigrants have a right to be protected
Not everyone must be elegible for Inmigration
immagration is what made us what it is today
there are people who make great collaborations with the country
certain measures to enforce immigration laws.
States should focus on their own people first.
The US must be responsible to their own citizens first.
The government has to destinate some fund to help immigrants
The immigration program needs reform.
All inmigrants should have the right to vote in the American elections
a time limit must be approved for immigrants
Work visas to skilled professionals should be temporary in nature.
Some immigrants come seeking better education and they should not be deprived
We are all migrants.
Immigrants can be bad for America.
Undocumented aliens are willing to take all kinds of jobs.
Immigrants are what makes this country what it is.
Deporting these illegal immigrants can cost the government so it is better to let the stay.
Legal immigration recognized
Illegal immigrants should be deported back to their home country.
immigration needs to be done legally
Immigrants should have a background check.
the government must set rules about immigration
Increased diversity results in a better America
immigration must be regularized
States should be in control of determining the allowance of immigrants into their domain and the care that may be necessary
states must be responsible for everyone present, not just citizens`
immigrant will strengthen our national security
Only children who have one parent who is a US citizen should be granted citizenship.
Must meet certain protection parameters
Legal immigration is important for low paying jobs that Americans do not want
Legal immigrants contribute to society
Migrant workers contribute to our economy via business ventures and as employees
illegal immigration should be banned
Immigration increases terrorist activity.
We are all the descendants of immigrants
The electoral college is suspect.
Inmigration have a positive impact on diplomatic relationships
migration should be legal
Immigrants are willing to do work that most Americans don't want to do, at a lower cost to the employer.
Must be constantly evaluated and revised
Immigrants should be able to come to the USA for better opportunities
Our country was founded o the principle of encouraging immigration.
Paths to legal immigration should be simplified.
Allowing people to becoming legal citizens should be first step
States must be responsible to their own citizens first.
This issue is about whether immigration into the USA should be elevated or lowered.
We must secure our borders.
Congress should immediately fund Trump's wall.
Skilled migration workers are needed
A decrease in population due to aging and death can be regained from an immigrant population including refugees
Immigrants should be treated like citizens of the country
To all immigrants: Show us you want to be here. Learn American English.
Immigration should be considered
immigration should be limited
immigration should be elavated because it brings the best brains to the economity
Immigrants create multiculturalism.
immigration built the US
Inmigration have a positive impact in the rise of economy
Legal status would boost the economy
background checks must be performed on immigrants
immigration shouldn't be more important the security
Immigrants provide a valuable diversity
people bring diversity
immigrants should be treated well but without neglecting their reasons
US immigration helps the economy.
immigrants have a positive impact in the economy
Immigrants sometimes do bad things.
People from other countries should fix the problems in their own country, rather than move to another country.
immigrants bring positive things to the country
america should focus on its own citizens before other countries citizens
Undocumented aliens contribute to a richer culture and biodiversity.
There should be a way that illegal immigrants can become legalized.
Immigrants who commit a serious crime should be permanently expelled
Immigration changes national identity.
some immigrants can be dangerous
strongly advocated for immigration reform that focuses on enforcement and upholding the rule of law
immigrant will stimulate the economy and enhance America's rich
We will not be taken advantage of anymore.
illegal immigration should not be allowed and be enforced
Legal immigration levels should remain the same
inclusion should be facilitated for immigrants
Our national and economic security depend on requiring people who are living and working here illegally to come forward and get right with the law
Immigration should be legal and orderly.
US comprise of immigrant eversince
Illegal immigrants take jobs away from Americans.
THe U.S. is founded on immigrants.
it promotes tourist attractive
Refugees should be helped
immigrants have a postivie impact on the economy
All support for immigrants
Immigration helps with diversity
The U.S. is a melting pot.
diversity is somthing that a lot of companied value
Immigrants are known for working cheaper.
Immigration takes opportunities away from those born in the usa
A person in need should not be denied help and life regardless of where they are from
Immigrants are good for US
At times they help in the progress of the country
Immigrants are needed to make up for aging populations
Immigration should be controlled to prevent over crowding in the USA
people include others
the USA immigration is best best way
Contrary to popular belief, most immigrants pay taxes.