meat consumption should be limited
Vegetarianism is healthier than other diet plans.
Killing animals is against God law
There are people who take this issue to the extreme
Human teeth have developed to eat meat
Humans have been natural carnivores for ages as is displayed through evolution such as that humans have canine teeth and the capability of eating and properly consuming meat
Meat is needed to grow
There are other ways to have a healthy lifestyle
It is immoral to kill animals
Not everyone accepts this lifestyle
eating plant can relieve animal extinction
being a vegetarian is a good way to care for animals
if people want to eat meat then let them
A vegetarian diet is healthy and beneficial over a meat based diet
Meat production pollutes our environment.
Animals only must die for eating
Loss of essential vitamins and minerals
to creaste a nutrition plan is left for the person
People have the right to choose he kind of meal they want to eat
Veganism is not healthy
meat offers nutrients
meat provides the nutrients required for good health
Vegetarianism will result in more animals than the earth can support
the decision of a person to be or not to be vegetarian must be respected
Some people don't believe in killing animals.
eating animal can reduce deforestation
Tofu is not a healthy substitute for animal protein.
A persons diet should be there choice and the individual freedoms of choosing one food should not be shamed
beef can cause heart attack
eating meat is essential to human development
vegan lifestyles are good for the environment
Not eating animals can lead to having more pets.
Eating meat has been an essential part of human evolution.
Meat consumption contributes to air and water pollution.
if people want to be vegan who cares
Vegan lifestyle should be adopted
vegetarianism is becoming more popular
Potential interference with existing medical conditions
Vegans are healthy
Humans are meant to be vegan.
Some animals are here for eat them
killing animals is harmful
vitamins and pills are not safe substitutes for meat
Real leather makes a statement about the woman who carries it (purse).
Vegans are at reduced risk of serious illness.
a health plant leads to a healthy life
There are just as many animals killed in the dairy and egg industries as the meat industry.
killing animals is bad
eaiting meat is not healthy
. Meat consumption contributes to air and water pollution.
People should just eat vegetables
Carnivorous diets are unhealthy.
It is possible to kill animals in a manner that is humane.
Being a vegetarian is healthier for you.
Humans do not need meat to survive.
Animals used in meat production are mistreated.
eating plants reduce animal extinction
People should be free to choose their own nutrition plan.
Vegetarian should be encouraged
it is immoral to kill animals
the consumption or not of meat must be right of each person
These are lifestyles and life choices that do have numerous benefits including the ability to grow a lot of one's own food safely and organically
meat is good and so is vegetables
people should be free to eat whatever they want
vegetarianism is healthier
Sometimes it can be an idea inculcated
vegans should not put down non vegans or vice versa
A lot of people are starting to go Vegan
Human beings are biological omnivores.
Vegetarianism is healthier
Farming also contributes to air and water pollution.
The issue includes ethical reasons
The vegan diet has many health benefits.
Milk and Chees are good for people
meat can cause diseases
Some people are much healthier this lifestyle
animal protection should be maximized
The electoral college is suspect.
Most vegans and vegetarians are healthier then those who eat meat
Meat production is bad for the environment.
Being a vegan saves animals lives.
Protein can be found in vegetarian sources.
A persons food choice should be there own right to decide
it is good to  use animals for other use
There is more protein in plants than animals.
Reduce risk of the No. 1 killer – Heart Disease.
there are many vegan options for protein
killing animals for food is part of being a person
A vegan or vegetarian diet lacks nutrition only found in meat
it's immoral to kill animals
Using cows for dairy production is cruel.
Having more vegetarian options in stores helps boost the economy by creating another group of consumers.
There are certain nutrients, such as Zinc, Iron, and Protein, that are most efficiently consumed by eating meat
This issue deals with the conscious renouncement of animal products
People should be free to choose their own nutrition plan
Vegans are healthier than omnivores.
Vegetarians, such as 7th Day Adventists, are healthy people.
All people should be free to choose between vegan o vegetarian lifestyle
Cows milk is for calves.
interference with existing medical conditions
eating animal reduce deforestation
meat is a good source of nutrients
Humans are made to eat meat
A vegan diet promotes weight loss.
people can choose a nutrition plan that is suitable for them
Excessive weight loss can become weight gain.
Eat animals is part of life cycle
A vegan lifestyle is healthier
Humans should not have to cook food.
People should be able to make their own choices on what they eat.
it is immoral to eat vegetable only
Vegan lifestyle cuts out dairy completley
Vegan is the healthier lifestyle
Most slaughter houses are over crowded and do not properly care for animals
Veganism is like a religion
I like cows, so I don't eat them.
Vegetarianism is healthier.
avoid discriminating against non-vegetarians and vice versa
Animals have feelings and it is cruel to eat them.
vegitables are good
Humans have evolved to eat meat
vegetarians are healthier
Lack of essential vitamins and minerals
These two alternatives are known to help people lose weight
vegetarian are people who does not eat meat
is immoral to kill animals.
Sometimes it's for health
healthy vegetarian food
People should be able to choose what they want to  do.
people should eat less meat
It is immoral to kill animals.
Vegan is healthiest
meat is good
help rgulate blood pressure
living a vegan lifestyle makes you look good
There are alternative sources of B-12, one of those important nutrients.
interesting
Cancer prevention
It is sad that animals must die and be killed for human's consumtion
There should be more vegetarian options available to increase diversity.
killing animals is not needed
Eating meat leads to cardiovascular disease.
Eating meat is also good for humans body
we have the right to choose what to eat
Being vegetarian is healthy lifestyle
freedom to chose your nutrition
meat is bad for humans
This issue deals with the conscious renouncement of animal products.
vegetarian face Unrealistic expectations
It would not be practical to meet the world's food needs with a purely plant-based diet.
No studies prove that a vegetarian lifestyle is healthier.
many celebrities are vegan