Terrorism has to be defeated using all available means.
The war on terrorism needs to be stopped
USA need people
the war on terrorism must be serious
Torture is sometimes required to get answers.
It is needed to educate people to reduce terrorism
the best way to fight it
fight to the finish against Afghanistan
The war on terrorism is expensive.
Immigration into the United States must be monitored and restricted to prevent terrorism within our borders.
any cost is little if terrorism is eliminated
This issue is about whether morality, efficiency and economics of the war on terrorism and includes considerations on how it changed he US reputation
the US government must provide measures to prevent war
The war on terrorism resulted in more terrorist acts against the United States
fighting terrorism by using bombings that kill civilians creates more terrorists than it kills
terrorism must be defeated
We must protect our country.
The United States had to do something regarding terror following September 11, 2001
The war against afghanistan was justified by terrorism.
Our taxes support terrorism war
The war on terrorism creates more terrorism.
Terrorism has to be defeated using all available means
People can not avoid war
Countries should join forces in combating them
Torture is a necessary tool in the war on terror
Government need to increase fighting measure
War on terrorism is a necessary strategy
The war on terrorism is an invasion of privacy
the government is spending too much funds on  war on terrorism
too many lives are lost during acts of terrorism
War is sometimes a necessary thing.
Terrorism needs to be stopped
makes us a mass police state rather than do much for our world image and sovereignt
The War on Terrorism did not boost the economy.
It kept us safe so far
Torture is an ineffective way to extract reliable information from people.
spying is a necessary method to prevent terrorists from acting
It must have a psychological support group for many of the affected
Fighting terrorists only radicalizes more.
The United States must work with the international community to defeat terrorism.
the us government need to spot out all this with intellegence
A person's chances of being killed by a terrorist are astronomically low.
Measures to end terrorism must be maximized
War against terrorism is expensive
Terrorism is a last resort.
The war or terrorism must be enforced and take seriously
Terrorism should be stopped
The United States must appropriate adequate funds to fight terrorism internationally.
the government uses war on terror to spy on foreign affairs
Casualties piled by the War on Terrorism are necessary to protect constitutional fundamentals.
Military deployment to the Middle East is a necessary to deter terrorism.
quit spending money oversea
All suspected individual should be well detaned
Torture can be used to extract necessary information
terrorist act should be dealt with
The US uses terrorism to justifice violence against other countries
The terrorist issue is small compared to other priorities.
The government is trying to use the war on terrorism to scare people
it is not an easy thing to bear
terrorism is a war in the world
Torture should not be allowed
Troops lives have been lost for no reason due to the war on terrorism.
we should take troops out of the middle east
Terrorism should not be encouraged
Terrorism has destroyed too much and needs to end
The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizens
War on terrorism is good for the country
terrorism should be stopped
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
The War on Terrorism was a necessary defense measure.
The war on terrorism is to costly
As a bonus, it almost guarantees safety worldwide
The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizen
Terrorism is only a problem in the middle east.
It made us look a lot stronger as a nation in the USA
terrorism should be defeated but not at the cost of civilian lives
It is necessary to protect ourselves from viable terrorism
Terrorists are recruiting people via the internet
terrorism should be taken care of
war on terriorism kept us safe so far
eradicating terrorism save many lives
torture is necessary
Terrorist should be killed
Radical Islamic terrorists do not portray the beliefs of all muslims
Terrorism needs to be defeated using all available means
we need to focus on intelligence and infiltrating groups of suspected terrorists
It makes us a mass police state rather than do much for our world image and sovereignty
Government surveillance may inadvertantly pick up info on unrelated persons
measure put in place to allow government more access to private information after the 9-11 terrorist attacks have been mis used
terrorism will always be ahead of authorities trying to combat it because there is no boundary too great to cross and they will do anything to achieve their results
Terrorism is an international threat.
The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizens.
They must take care that it does not affect innocents
Terrorism needs to be destroy  by using tecnology
The United States is in more debt than ever because of the War on Terrorism.
Many companies are getting rich by selling wapons agains terrorism
The war on terror costs too much
the war might just be a way to do other things
The US needs to stop their war on terrorism
God does not approve war
Too much lives are wasted because of war on terrorism
The terrorists are very crue to telorate
People use the war to spy on others.
the war on terrorism has been minimally effective
The war on terrorism has lead to discrimination
Using torture makes us terrorists.
The cost of terror has economical and human consequences
the war on terror costs too much
war on terriorism made us look a lot stronger as a nation in the USA
Terrorism is dangerous to all the world
The War on Terrorism required a large amount of funding to be
Torture may have some benefits although inhuman
It is necessary to defeat the evils that want to destroy others as their mission
The government should have many strategies for the war
Measures to be taken must be preventive to major risks
War on terrorism should be the priority by the US
terrorists lose any kind of human right
The War on Terrorism is costing too much
terrorism needs to be eliminated once and for all
President Bush had to make a serious decision regarding the War on Terrorism.
This issue is about whether morality, efficiency
Torture can be a necessary tool in the war on terror
we need to take necessary means to capture terrorists
Sometimes spying on terrorists can unfortunately reveal about unrelated persons
US should act seriously on terrorism war
American born terrorists are also a threat
anyarrested terrorist should be jailed
The War on Terror is unwinnable.
The 9/11 attacks stunned the nation.
US should not meddle in foreign affairs in the name of defense
we will never be able to eliminate terrorism
If U.S. citizens have nothing to hide, then they shouldn't be concerned about the government spying on them.
having long-term economic effects while we can keep our borders safe here instead.
Torture is a necessary tool in the war on terror.
terrorism is a huge issue
terrorism should be stopped by any means necessary
Terrorism should be countered
America should control the middle east
The war on terrorism does not prevent terrorism.
The war against Afghanistan was justified by terrorism
we should not call it a war, as it is totally different than what we think of as a war between countries
Terrorism needs to end with the hope of peace
we use the word terrorist for groups that attack us, and rebels if they attack our enemies
terrorism takes many forms and is home grown through the use of the internet and a section of the population that is completely disenfranchised with our society
We have no credible evidence that Iraq and al Qaeda cooperated on attacks against the United States
terrorism will be a part of our world until the end of time, that is one of the costs of freedom of thought
We must fight for our freedoms.
All Muslims are terrorists.
the war on terrorism has caused more harm to us citizens
The economic costs of terrorism and human cost is far too much
The war on terror costs too much.
We must fight terrorists.