locking up someone for thirty years is injustice . The person can't get back the time that they've lost in prison . No amount of money is able to compensate that . ﻿
The death penalty should apply only in cases where the evidence could not be disputed in any way . I do not want to waste our tax dollars on keeping a guy like James Homes , Vincent Lee , or the Boston bomber brother alive in prison . We decide not to rehabilitate a dog who rips a mans throat out , we just put them down . Tell me why we shouldn't do the same to humans . ﻿
I see your point and this would probably work fine with those three examples , but it sets a dangerous precedent . What constitutes undisputable evidence ( for instance) ? These people also have the right to appeal their convictions , so there's no real way to simply execute them and save money ( they appeal and stay in death row for decades ) . Ironically , death row inmates cost significantly more money to the state than a regular inmate and so there really isn't even a monetary benefit to the death penalty . I just want to say I agree with the sentiment , maybe they deserve to die . However , there's no real way to carry that out justly .
but what's the alternative ? Imprisonment is incredibly expensive , especially if it is for life . ﻿
Ostracize them . If they give consent , tattoo their crime across their forehead , take their bio-metrics and add them to a blacklist describing their crimes and then let them back into the community . If they don't agree to that I'm sure members of the community will gladly show them the way out of town and warn surrounding communities of the threat headed their way . To be shunned by friends , family and community in addition to every employer turning them away is a punishment worse than death in many ways .
that's actually pretty good . That'd keep anyone from committing crimes any day . And if there's been a mistake , at least it's easier to clean up than a death penalty .
The expense for minimizing the percentage of innocents on death row is much more expensive and it's never 0% .
but what's the alternative ? Imprisonment is incredibly expensive , especially if it is for life . ﻿
but what's the alternative ? Imprisonment is incredibly expensive , especially if it is for life . ﻿
Still cheaper than death row . The ' reasonable doubt ' requirement is a lot stricter for death penalty than life in prison - therefore more cost . Even with that strictness , you still get innocent people sentenced to death .
what if there is video evidence ? and you're 100% certain , can we kill child mass murderers then ? ﻿
I oppose a State death penalty , but support a market death penalty in cases where guilt is absolutely certain . ﻿
Intriguing . What do you imagine that market death penalty system would look like ?
Fuck the death penalty and anyone who supports it﻿
30 years of torture(prison ) vs death ????? Please kill me . I'll be killing and/or harming your guards either(if I did the crime or not ) way . ﻿
Your premise is in error . NOT having the death penalty is part of why we allow slipshod courts in the first place . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqCIvLN1ess﻿
Murderers deserve to die . The only reason I oppose the death penalty is because innocent people could get killed . ﻿
" We can't compensate for [ mistaken executions ] the way we do with mistaken imprisonment . " Oh , I didn't realize the government had a magic time machine they used to give back the years lost to people mistakenly imprisoned . This video has the feel of something a pre-teen would argue . Logic-less . Inane . Not at all academic . There are plenty of good arguments both for and against capital punishment . This video makes a mockery out of them all . Like it's a poor Saturday Night Live skit mocking Learn Liberty . Truly disappointing . ﻿
or you could just notmbe an idiot and not get involved in shady shit . ﻿
Very convincing ! I've always been against the death penalty , but you've certainly secured my position ! ﻿
I Am Crying So Hard Right Now I Mean An 11 Year Old Girl﻿
He has a fair point but overpopulation is also a serious epidemic and the death penalty helps with that a lot . ﻿
No , it doesn't . It doesn't even make a dent .
My dad just always says that instead of wasting all the money on these crazy people , just put them all on an island and let them kill each other off . Wouldn't waste money and it would be their choice on wether to live or defend themselves . I have never felt like the death penalty was a bad thing , ever . Yes I'm sure some people are innocent , but I just think of the people who are not . I don't think About how it doesn't decline murder rates or crap like that , I think about the fact that we waste this money on them to keep them alive while we could spend it on so much more worthy things . ﻿
Well this was a waist of a YouTube commercial ﻿
2:08 Thats 0.00766666666 percent you dolt﻿
Then lets just not imprison anyone dont want to risk sending an innocent to jail lets just let all the accused murders and rapist and drug dealers out we can prove it 100%﻿
How was your comment at all relevant ? You can prove someone in jail is innocent , and they can leave to live their lives . A dead person can't do that .
This guy thinks Dzhokhar Tsarnaev the Boston Bomber should live , he thinks john wayne Gacy should still be alive﻿
The Death Penatly sometimes needs to be there if someone is just too dangerous . ﻿
Wrong .
What's this song ? ﻿
I can't accept the fact that we will inadverdantly throw some completely innocent lives to be executed along with killers and rapists . Let's abolish the death penalty . ﻿
Has anybody heard of an eye for an eye﻿
Yeah , and it's retarded .
Getting rid of the death penalty isn't going to save people from being wrongfully imprisoned . You might want to find a better argument . ﻿
I disagree . Death Penalty is dangerous because of an incompetent police force and judiciary . Clearly now because of advances in genome sequencing we can now be more certain of identity . ﻿
I tend to be pro-death penalty ( for both murder and rape ) , but for once I'm seeing a coherent argument against my position . Usually the arguments are about racial bias in the police and legal system , which is a fact , but that would not be solved by getting rid of the death penalty . You'd still have racial bias -- just a bunch of lifelong sentences instead of death sentences . The risk of being wrong is by comparison one which is actually directly related . I won't say I'm fully swayed , but I will say there's a serious amount of stuff in this argument that is worth thinking about . ﻿
Carlos Hernandez was guilty , Carlos de-Luna was the innocent one in that case﻿
Death is too easy for monsters . They should have to suffer for the rest of their lives . It's too bad there is no way to guarantee that the person convicted is guilty . ﻿
And you want to force me to pay to prison that person ? I pay to get that person out of my neighborhood at the lowest price . Which means get the right guy then put a bullet in his head . You are promoting torture . You are becoming more of a threat than he is .
I was honestly on the fence about the death penalty . But this video brought up some pretty good points . I guess it's probably better to not have it . However , Idk , I just get the feeling that this channel is kind of manipulative and a little biased . Not a lot has shown me that , but just the way this video and some of there others were made . But besides that , good points . ﻿
The Sweet Death Penalty http://www.gosto.org/#DeathPenalty﻿
One person commented that it is a shame folks across the political spectrum are not unified . Well , in Kentucky we are and if you are from Kentucky and want to join the growing number of folks across all faiths and political entities , then visit the website of the Kentucky Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty and sign up to become part of the movement and someone who will make history soon when we abolish it in Kentucky : www.kcadp.org . I look forward to hearing from you . And congrats on this video . Well done . ﻿
Of course the death penalty isn't a deterrent . It takes 20 to 30 years to be put to death . The news doesn't report a murder that is soon followed by a trial and execution . The only time the media reports an execution , you can be sure that the crime and trial happened decades earlier . The threat of execution just isn't real enough . It's like the threat of dying from cancer 30 years down the road isn't real to a smoker . If you died months after smoking , not a single person would smoke ( unless they had a death wish ) . ﻿
WHO WILL PROTECT THE PUBLIC WHEN THE POLICE/GOVERNMENT BREAK THE LAW !!! " FUCK THE WORL AND THE GOVERNMENT TOO " ﻿
You guys realize people have reasons why they do the things they do . Understanding is key to fighting wrong doing . ﻿
seems to me it would have been more humane to kill the dudes than keep them in cages wrongly for 30 yrs﻿
the problem is with the investigation not the punishment . ﻿
I support the death penalty . But only for that forensic chemist . ﻿
Maybe he made a mistake . It's not like he would have done his job differently if there was no death penalty . It just means that his fallibility has graver consequences .
It wasn't " a " mistake . It was THOUSANDS of " mistakes " , again and again and again . Except strangely the " mistakes " only gave false positives , never false negatives .
This was the worst and most biased video I have see from learn liberty . The whole video was a display of the injustice in a justice system . It made no arguement for liberty . Only that the " justice system " did not provide justice two individuals and there was no discussion of liberty . ﻿
Good points . Do you really want to give the death penalty option to the same institution that gave us Cash for Clunkers ? ﻿
you could make this argument about any legal action﻿
Such as ?
Life sentences ?
And I'm sure people will object to that as well . I'm not sure if I would personally because I don't understand the scope of them , but still .
If the capital punishment ( death penalty ) is abolished , what is your suggestion for the alternative ? Is life in prison ( psychological and physically affected by being jailed ) , more ethical than the death penalty ? ﻿
I'm a little surprised by the soft arguments . Seems like the presenter is really arguing for better investigations and trials . To say a bad chemist is a good argument for disallowing the death penalty only leads me to say to protect the chemical analysis process . The basic question is , is the death penalty a suitable penalty ? I think it is . I'd offer up Timothy McVeigh . Any problems in that case ? Probably not so I'm focusing on , is the consequence for his crime , death ? Again , I think it was . ﻿
The best way to silence arguments against the death penalty ( because the way it's administered is " cruel " ) is to hook up the condemned to an oxygen tube that supplies pure nitrogen . The person will grow sleepy with no symptoms of being oxygen deprived and die very peacefully . And his organs will be free from damage so they can be transplanted . This method was beta tested ( inadvertently ) on a couple of Martin Marietta engineers a while back .
The point is Gov't can't be perfect . It can't even be " good " Throwing money to the issue won't solve anything . Better Training , more money , better infrastructure , more money , asking the second most death-friendly country ( China ) for help , etc . Won't ever be perfect . With stakes as high as ... you know ... life running risks isn't smart , but criminal . ... unless of course , you are a fan of Russian Roulette .
Why perfection ? You don't get this anywhere else ...
Well ... no civilized , free nation , at least ...
well said . your the most rational comment here . i dont like the death penalty because i find putting someone to sleep a bit soft if they have done something really really nasty , but i admit there are times it seems ness . i wish the rest of people would think a bit more
" If death penalty is murder , then imprisonment is kidnapping " - JKM #Korwin ﻿
Why not ? Killing someone is justified in various instances , self-defense being the most obvious case . Besides , it strikes me as a somewhat benevolent punishment , at least compared to long decades of dependence , indignity and violence at the literal bottom of the society , among its worst . If the punishment is inflicted on a terrorist or a traitor - a quick , " soldier's death " is more dignified than keeping them confined and brainwashed , like some wicked living trophy . Let's face it - life is not the most important value , and if we want the humanity to do more than just live and eat - it should not be .
You got me there . Self defense didn't occur to me . I don't believe prisons should ' confine and brainwash . ' I believe they should rehabilitate people , and study them to learn more about mental issues / disease , so that we can better combat them . How is a soldier's death in being electrocuted alive / injected with a needle any more dignifying than living out the rest of your days peacefully in a prison , because you refuse to stop harming society ?
If the state can just innocently execute 1 man . Say 1 out of 1000 or even 1 out of 10 , 000 , then I say it is STILL not justifiable and must be abolished . We already know of plenty cases where people were exonerated in the past decades after being proven innocent , how many people were already executed when they were in fact innocent ? There is no excuse , lock them up for life and outlaw the death penalty . Scientific studies have already shown that stricter laws in states where the death penalty is a punishment do not deter people from killing .
Sure , there are situations where mistakes are made , and people get executed unjustly . But this is not an argument for abolishing the death penalty . Accidents happen - sometimes innocent people die in car crashes , but I don't this is a sufficient reason to eliminate motor vehicles . Death penalty is supposed to deter people from committing premeditated murder - not murder in general ( I don't think it should apply to , say , crimes of passion ) . Besides , it tends to be rather uncommon - so , that may be a couple of reasons for the lack of strong correlation .
" Accidents happen " Wow that is not okay when it comes to human lives and when you could easily prevent it ..
I could not agree more﻿
Keep the penalty for terrorism﻿
Haha ! If you're going to use an objective definition you'd have to execute all of the CIA and most of the former presidents .
I can imagine government gradually widen the definition of terrorism to make use of it .
I didn't see a real argument for complete abolishment there . I completely agree that we should never kill someone who might be innocent , but some crimes really do merit death . The first story the guy shared ? Those 2 boys didn't deserve death , but the guy who actually committed the crime sure did . My position is just that the bar should be raised for death penalty cases . Instead of reasonable doubt , or does the crime merit death , the bar that must be crossed should be zero doubt . The crime was caught on film or in front of a group of many ironclad witnesses . Fewer capital sentences , but not outright abolishment . ﻿
I'm with you . The problem is not with the punishment , it's with the process .
abolish ? no restrict ? yes . with modern video and DNA technology , I would say better confirmed cases of mass murder like a mass shooter confirmed on video cameras , ect . should have the option of death penalty , when your face is on the video that they're using as evidence against you , you really can't say " the police screwed up the forensics " and you need to be permanently removed from society through death to end all the trouble you're causing for society . there are people in this world that just need to be removed and forgotten , not going to name names , but I can think of a few . ﻿
It costs way too much money to keep someone in prison for life . ﻿
can go wrong but it's much more rare because it's a far more consistent process . And is more ethical because it's far quicker . However no death penalty is acceptable as stated by the video because it's not worth the innocent people who will be killed .
Lethal injections are more efficient and quicker than firing squads ? Are you serious ?
sure , getting shot is rarely an instant painless death . In the military , when someone is executed by firing squad they almost never die instantly and have to suffer until someone puts the final bullet in their head .
out of the $250M , how much do you think California can save by using firing squad ?
I said the whole system needs to be reformed in order to lower the costs . Transitioning to firing squads was just one of the reforms .
Hey , I'm going to have to write a paper for a basic philosophy class about the death penalty . We are STRONGLY encouraged to frame the argument in the idea of retributism . Both of these arguements had failed to hold against the concept of retributivism , can anyone please explain why it's wrong in that sense ? ﻿
The very error is in the name - " Penalty " . Prisons should be a means of isolating dangerous people to protect the rest of society , not punishment . It's a huge waste of human capital that could benefit the population if instead of providing prisoners with the goods they need to survive they just required them to provide for themselves by getting a job inside prison . ﻿
Those people should not be punished , they should be responsibilized . A lot of people talk of " paying the debt to society " , how is sitting your ass in a jail cell for months or years supposed to pay debts of any sort ?
what do you mean by " responsibilized " ? do you mean they shoud take responsibility and do something to compensate the victim ? if so why not punish them as well ? is it that you believe punishing them would be " immoral " ? if so subjectively or objectively ?
I respectfully disagree . The whole point of a justice system is the enforcement of necessary moral and legal norms . Punishment of crime is necessary for the maintenance of those norms . On the subject of using prisoners labors for a social good , I find that to be a dehumanizing and demeaning argument . To do so would be to treat prisoners as means to a social end rather than ends in themselves . We must respect their humanity by holding them accountable for their crimes , not use them as tools for our convenience .
You would prefer vigilante justice and revenge to official and impartial justice ? Are you confused ?
Deprivation of liberty as penalty for violating the rights of your innocent fellow citizen .
The problem I see is that the so called " justice system " is flawed . The cops , detectives , forensics , lawyers and judges all participate in a system that unjustly convicts innocent people . Are you saying that none of these people at any point could figure out the innocent people were actually innocent . The problem is in the system , not so much the punishment . If people's biases due to race , class , religion , gender , hatred , revenge , etc . can be removed from the process and replaced with facts , maybe it would work as intended . Until then , good luck to anyone who gets dragged into that rat's nest . ﻿
The narrator is wrong . Government doesn't make just a few mistakes . ﻿
" I support the protection of life from conception to natural death . But a natural death for a murderer is a death on the gallows . " - JKM #Korwin ﻿
Sounds like a real moron .
Meanwhile in Europe ... PS : Excluding Belarus . ﻿
One limiting factor on guilt and innocence are the terms . We only have words for two cases ( guilt and innocence ) . Since these terms apply only to the results of a court case there are actually four cases . 1 . Truly guilty - actually did it and convicted . 2 . Truly innocent- actually didn't do it and not convicted . 3 . Falsely guilty - actually didn't do it but convicted ( worst case ) 4 . Falsely innocent - actually did it but not convicted We need words for the last two cases to have a clearer discussion on these topics . ﻿
And death penalty , due to the legal system and I guess the finality of its verdict , is also extremely expensive , more expensive than the alternatives ... so really , argument for death penalty an entirely emotional one . ﻿
they do all that for life sentence trials ....
no they don't .
This would be a more convincing argument if he had examples of people who were exonerated post mortem . Had the individuals mentioned been instead sentenced to life in prison , the story would have been the same - being on death row didn't affect the outcome in these cases . If anything , people dug harder to find the truth . Would they still be in prison had they not been on death row ? Maybe , maybe not . I'm not arguing the death penalty here , merely pointing out that this argument is also lacking . ﻿
I agree with this video . Shame the people who aren't crazy tough on justice types are spread out all across the political spectrum and not unified . ﻿
explain to me how the death penalty is more expensive than life sentences not including the ridiculous appeal process the US has , causing decades long stints on death row .
Do you believe that once someone is sentenced they should be shot the next day ? What is your opinion on this ?
if there is concrete evidence that shows they did it , like video showing them committing the crime , I would be inclined to usually say yes , but I would agree to a single appeal . also , you didn't answer my question , which I asked first and that you replied with another question ...... that's downright rude .
I've already pointed out that I don't care about cost when it comes to these issues . However yes it does cost more even without the appeals process . You have the court case that leads up to the death penalty conviction costing more ( lawyers/psychologists , etc ) . Even than this appeals process is important since in some US states up to 90% of death row inmates in recent history have been found innocent .
" When they execute someone in China they charge the family for the bullet . The death penalty also costs much more than housing people for long periods of time so do you want to foot that bill ? "
What does the Bible say ? Because nothing else really matters . ﻿
)
Plain and simply put the state should not be killing it's own citizens , especially when proving 100% guilt is almost impossible . ﻿
That's not the specific problem I have with it . Its really that I , 1 ) would rather not see a state apparatus for killing people exist , and 2 ) I'd rather have the worst beings on earth live out their days in prison that risk executing in error even a single innocent person .
That's not true at all , humans including judges are prone to error because of sociobiological intuitive responses . Why is there widespread support for the minimum wage ? Why are so many people against immigration ? Because people are ingrained with biases . Two judges can easily reach the same wrong conclusions and it's the jury that comes to the conclusion anyways .
we believe in Hell ( a stupid concept ) .
So should we be killing off half our population so they wouldn't suffer anymore ? There are people who would rather live and suffer than to die and end their suffering .
What ?!?
Taking a life when a life is taken is revenge , not justice . ﻿
If it is wrong for the individual to do anything is wrong for the group to do anything and the government is just a group . Murder is murder . It is always wrong . ﻿
good arguement from a individual and group level﻿
China executes less total people than the US , doesn't that say something about us ? ﻿
Here is the problem . This video only shows examples of people incorrectly sentenced to death . What about the people who ARE guilty of crimes that are currently deemed worthy of the death penalty ? What is the reason to spare them ? ﻿
Well you let them sit in prison where they aren't a threat to society .
Because the system has proven that it can't tell the difference between guilt and innocence in all cases
100% accuracy is an difficult goal to achieve . Even a 95% accuracy rating means that 1 in 20 criminals will not deserve their fate . I guess we just need to live with our serial killers or pay for their lives in jail .
So you think locking another human being in jail for the rest of their life is more humane ? It's not about moral superiority , because morals are simply not important to those who ignore them .
I would rather have latter system . Sparing the guilty results in the harm of more innocents . Yes the justice system can fail sometimes , but it by nature does not intentionally harm the innocent .
Very convincing , although I'll continue further research into this ongoing topic before I fully alter my mindset toward the death penalty . I've been an ardent believer in swift execution for the the atrociously worst convicted offenders , perhaps it's time I evolved . ﻿
Just because you evolve , doesn't mean you are better than where you were before . You may well be , but it is not a given .
that idiot chemist needs to be put to death . ﻿
I hope you see the irony in your comment .
it's not ironic b/c it's not gonna happen .
8,487,468,416 or so ... ﻿
How can killing innocents be worse than jailing innocents if value is subjective ? ﻿
Yeah , but this wasn't about euthanasia . This is about Killing innocents VS Jailing innocents . Killing them will always be worse , because regardless of anybody's opinion on the Value of A & B . If C = 0 , A & B will automatically become 0 .
You're right , I was a little off topic . I wrote it quickly ... But the latter part of my post holds true . Decisions are relative , so whatever number you output from your formula needs to be compared to something . When C = 0 , that quantifies value AFTER the person is dead . A person who is deciding if death is better than current conditions must then quantify their life BEFORE they die , which means C = 1 , thus all other values matter . If that output is less than 0 , then death is a step up . If you prevent death to such a person , then you're prolonging their suffering .
And that is an argument for euthanasia . There , I'll agree with you .
Euthanasia of inmates ? You agree with that ?
Well , I wasn't thinking about them . But I guess everyone has the right to choose when to die .
funny how extremist liberals like hillary clinton and BO are all for the death penalty when it comes to abortion ( even third trimester as the baby is being delivered ) , but they're vehemently against the death penalty for known killers , go figure ! ﻿
LMAO﻿
when you record off the tv make sure to check the volume and hold the camera still﻿
Instead of shooting them in the leg , tap their shoulder and say " excuse me " . ﻿
I fucking hate California ... ﻿
I moved to Calif ( Oceanside ) . My husband was in the Marines . Instead of my name , " Elaine " ... they always called me " Texie . " I felt awkward the entire time I was there ..... I just didn't fit in too well . I was so glad to get back to Ft . Worth , TX
Society is like a house , when you don't take out the trash it becomes unlivable . If you're too crazy to understand that murder is wrong I see that as MORE of a reason to remove you from the earth . ﻿
In New Hampshire public hangings are still legal . Live free or die . God bless New Hampshire . ﻿
Most boring state in the U.S. Hell I'd rather live in Alaska
i think people who feel the need to record something off of a tv screen and post it on youtube require the death penalty .... ﻿
read what rebel born wrote ... ﻿
America still in meidevil times﻿
And somehow is the most powerful country in the world . It's okay to be jealous . ' Merica
" I motioned the bartender to meet me in the Liquor Room . " - From that sentence on I expected gay porn to break out .
California can learn a thing or two from TEXAS .... ﻿
what how to go back 200 years in time ?
More like having individual freedoms , no state income tax , affordable living , and most importantly , a governor who is not a complete libtard idiot buffoon . I would move to TX in a heartbeat if I could . CA is a nightmare . I know people who live there who want out desperately .
Texas beats the shit out of Cali . And I have family in Cali .
It is just the complex phenomenon of the mind or involuntary reaction of notions . ﻿
If people are that sane why have a death penalty and a prison too . It is just there in the society and hard to know why . ﻿
"' Who's shooting me in the leg ? '" I wonder quietly to myself . " Oh , that guy . " POW ! Never turn around . ﻿
Don't place the blame , son . It's easy that way , but it ain't honest . ﻿
All , and I mean all , nygurs and muslims need to be executed immediately . That may seem harsh but it's nothing compared to what they are hell bent on doing to everyone else . And by everyone else , I mean humans . ﻿
does anyone know if aggressive death penalty laws prevent murder or is it difficult to say since Texas probably always had the death penalty ? ﻿
Does the Death Penalty prevent murder ? Well ... I have yet to see one murderer who ever received the Death Penalty ever commit another murder , ever again . So ... Yeah .
Or any other crime for that matter . Rehabilitation rate for Death Penalty is 100% . No one who has received it ever commits ANY crime ever again .
That is the sad truth about California . It don't care bout the death penalty , all it cares bout is convictions . Now the prison systems are running out of places to put people ........ my guess is if they would use the death penalty they wouldn't have that problem .... but I am for it . I believe there are some sick and twisted people that just need to go﻿
A Sizeable portion of Prison space in Texas , New Mexico , Arizona ... is taken up with Out of state Prisoners from California . California pays other states to house their overcrowding .
seems kind of stupid to do that doesn't it ? If the death penalty was used , and not just a threat , then thing would b better off
All of California would be better off if they'd just kick the Liberals the hell out of power .
y not go and get rid of everyone and start from scratch
I hope you're being facetious . Otherwise that statement is just too fucking stupid to comment on . I'll leave it to you to figure out why . If you can .
they have been on a roll the last few years !! ﻿
The death penalty is a complete waste and should be abolished﻿
They always execute people before an election .
yeah , the recent escape of multiple known murders in States that don't institute the death penalty actually proves it needs to be expanded in all States and followed through with in a timely manner in cases where it's absolutely known the perpetrator actually did commit the crime .
Heck yeah . Here in Texas , we don't even care if they're guilty before we execute them . There's been at least five in the last 20 years that we're almost certain were innocent . Michael Morton was on death row 25 years before they finally figured out the Williamson County prosecutor was a lying sack of shit hell bent on racking up convictions and let him go . If they'd had that express-lane thing , they could have just buried the truth along with Mr. Morton and nobody would been the wiser . We don't really go for " wise " all that much in Texas . Makes people feel funny . ﻿
I'd be for the death penalty if Justice were not simply a human and therefore ' erred system . Because some motherfuckers need to die . ﻿
The only reason why the death penalty wouldn't be a deterrent because the murderers are not afraid or convinced by it . Some murderers may even want to die , but in a way that they could suddenly wreak havoc for their own selfishness . The Constitution doesn't allow " cruel and unusual punishment " , and I bet a lot of us would implement such ! ﻿
So logically , if a murderer is afraid to die , then why would he replicate that fear on those he harms ? Only at the point where you forfeit your life completely do you realize that other lives are forfeit as well . That's the tried-and-true pathology of any common murderer and I'm talking about the premeditated kind and not the passionate . If you don't think I have common sense , then you know nothing about our crime and punishment system and probably should be recused from participating in civic duty in that regard , due to " incompetence " .
It's not so much about deterrence as it is insuring that animal never has a chance to commit further crimes ever again . If it deters others , good . Besides the whole argument against it due to lack of deterrence is a biased and false one anyways . You can always point to a capital crime and say , " See ? He wasn't deterred " . But the number of crimes that were deterred is impossible to know BECAUSE THEY NEVER OCCURRED ! I guarantee you one thing though . Any who do receive the death penalty . Never commit any crime ever again . In that regard it has a 100% success rate .
In Utah you can still bee killed by firing squad﻿
Why be so quick ? Seems the POS needs a little personal treatment , maybe two to three weeks worth .
I never believed in the death penalty , until I watched a lot of true crime stories . Instead of paying $ 30,000 to $ 60,000 a year to keep these death row types alive , I say give the people they offended a choice ! And , make them work ! Some definitely deserve it , and some do not . One woman because a very good person , but sorry to say Bush had to go with the law . I felt badly for her . I do not want innocent people to die ... some are in there wrongly , thank goodness DNA came along .
Mark , bet you would not say that to duck's face ! Coward . Or , maybe even to mine , and I'm an old Tea Party person who once was a Democrat , till they started killing babies legally .
Damn ! He's good ! " I wonder quietly to myself . "
abortion doctors give a great service by keeping the human population under control .
against the death penalty myself . not for the normal reasons though . Basicly , I think putting someone to death is too easy on them . one quick needle and its painlessly over . I say keep em alive where we can properly punish them . Maybe send them to a prison famous for big guys named Bubba or something . We don't know if there is a afterlife to punish them for sure , but we sure as hell know we can punish them here .
If you knowingly kill someone , you have violated society's laws and you deserve to die , abortion doctors AND criminals . Both are just as crazy and equally guilty of murder . Killing an infant inside or outside makes no difference , its still alive . Btw , texas is republican dominated , and ron white has right wing ideas , so yes , this was intended to push right wing policies
Only in texASS !
We have the death penalty and we USE it .
Hell yeah ! Gotta love Texas :)
All the Blue Collar comedians are real men !
Ron White is a REAL MAN !
You're right . A civilized society deals with the people who violate one another's right to live . And that means , you shackle ' em in and flip the switch .
I say , you violate someone else's right to live , you have given up yours . In my book , you deserve to be shot in the face on the spot .
Absolutely true ! They want to keep a murderer alive on our tax dollars . But they won't even give an unborn child a chance at life outside the womb ! That my friend is hypocracy at it's worst ! This is the main reason Social Security is going down the tubes ! We have exterminated an entire generation through Roe V . Wade !
A civilized society doesn't kill the insane or retarded . To brag about it , go to Iran .
God Bless Texas !
Liberals are absolutely KILLING our country . Do I believe we should aid those we can't do it for themselves ? Yes , but there are too many holes in system so that homegirl gets to use hers lone star card while sending a txt on her iPhone .
Liberal this liberal that . You dittoheads all sound the same . I love Ron White , but I don't think this bit was intended as some kind of fanatical right wing mandate . Wow , you people are morons .
You never see massacres down here ! Screw liberals !
Wooohooo !!!! Lets go republican states !!!!
hope you can reach that goal . I understand .
this is not complicated at all - for RAPE , PREMEDITATED MURDER , CHILD ABUSE , SELLING DRUGS you should be put on trial , you should be granted an appeal - then if found guilty , you should be taken downstairs in the court building , that day and terminated . Enough of this happy horseshit - time to set standards and maintain them in every state , every day .
" Hey guys , we found the guys that plotted the attacks on 9/11 what should we do ? " " Eh , put them in this jail cell , we'll give them free food and pay our money to keep them alive . " " Oh ok , that sounds like a good plan ! "
you liberals are the ones who are backward idiots .
whatever you jack ass
Are you sure they're innocent because most of them aren't .
no , we use an electric chair or a firing squad , they get to choose .
True . My adds is rather than wasting a bullet/injection or cleaning that cell of you mentioned . Just recycle them , ie : live harvest ALL useful bits on their body and sell it to the highest bidder . Maybe then the pathetic government can pay off some of its debts .
Luv Ron White . Wish we have death penalty and a harsher system in Australia . Its totally pathetic . Serious criminals doesn't get what they deserve , especially if you are rich . And something minor and you happens to be poor then they are ruined by the lengthy red tape court system .
I do not see what is so glorious about killing people ? When mistakes are made , it can not be undone . Why aren't corrupt politicians executed for allowing innocent people to be put to death ? They murdered an innocent person .
Regarding the death penalty : Pros : 1 . Prevents criminals from escaping/being released to commit more crimes . 2 . Closure for grieving families . 3 . Taxpayers don't have to pay to sustain the lives of criminals . Cons : 1 . Too harsh for some crimes ( obviously wouldn't do it to a mere petty thief ) . 2 . Not harsh ENOUGH for others - let rapists starve in a single cell PACKED with other rapists . Nothing is cut-and-dried ; this is not a decision to make lightly .
So freakin ' good , I've got tears :D
what in texas hey hang people ?
My condolences . I can not a imagine how awful you must . feel . We may not agree on a lot of things , but this is at least a billion times bigger then politics .
Not really , you can go buy 100 pack of . 40 caliber bullets at wal mart for less than 30 dollars and still have some left over . If this country would treat criminals like criminals they wouldn't have the overcrowding problem . And on a personal note , I would not lose one nights sleep over putting a bullet in the heads of the guys who murdered my father .
For what it worth , I am not in favor of capital punishment either . It stupid and barbaric , as well as to expensive , believe it , or not .
That's dumb . BTW capital punishment to be more expensive .
Dear not funny comedian : California also has capital punishment . Find a dictionary and look up the the word research .
not if you kill a incident person , which often happens .
let's see , so you don't care if capital punishment works , or not ? Or the fact that many incident people have been killed over the the years ? Your not thinking clearly at all .
You need to kill someone to show that killing a child is wrong ? If the United states is so smart , Why is your crime and murder rate so high . And Canada's is very low ? One more thing , why does the United States end up killing the wrong person so often ? Maybe Canada's not so dumb after all .
Canada is dumb . How can you not kill someone who has killed a child . I would do it myself without a second thought .
The death penalty ensures the cretin doesn't do it again .
i like your usename . your not for the death penalty , yet you wish death upon us all with cancer . Hypocrite
Well bless your heart .
Why is the discussion about it not being a deterrent even had . No , it's not a deterrent ... so f-ing what ... IT IS A PUNISHMENT !!! I could not give a damn about it's effectiveness as a deterrent . That NEVER should have been the point .
I just think that if you maliciously take another human being's life ( that doesn't include self-defense ) , yours is forfeit . What gives you the right to keep on living when you've taken someone else's life away ? And I feel the need to specify that that's a rhetorical question , beause every person peacefully expressing their opinion gets attacked on the internet .
yep , that too is also true , we Texans love our guns .
I would bet that in Texas , the bad guy might of only got off a couple of shots before the redneck theatre-goers returned fire . God help the Aurora injured , Rest in Peace the Aurora dead . God Bless Texas .
With the death penalty I can GUARANTEE you that your children will NEVER be molested , raped , killed or kidnapped by the bad guy . I know you cannot guarantee anything with rehab . I believe in making sure that our kids have the best chance . It's just a difference of opinion on how to handle people who wish to kill your children .
They are rehabilitated . Let's have them babysit your children ?
We could let them be YOUR roommates . I would rather kill those same people .
i bet if the movie theater massacre happened in Texas , John Holmes will get the death penalty and we all know that Texas loves to kill it inmates that are on death row . Ron's so right about our death penalty . Texas Pride .
I understand compassion and what you believe in but when peole see you kill someone for no good reason , there's gonna be consequences . You kill 2 or more and we should end you before you end us . The sad laws of basic survival : kill or be killed .
I too am tired of all these innocent people being murdered . Texas has killed countless people later proven to be innocent . I say we killed all the texans who not only indorse but pay for this to happen . I'm glad me and the Texans understand each other so well . Moronic hicks .
I want to kill murderers , child molesters and the like . you want to keep child molesters and rapists alive . You want to keep the theatre killer alive ? I want to chop him up ( kill him ) . I am clearly a scumbag . Lol .
i know i'm late to the argument .... but the bible specifically has punishment for things like murder . Multiple felons are sentenced to punishments based on their transgression . So using " christianity " as a reason to not have a death sentences is self defeating .
People would have more confidence in death penaly convictions if prosecutors , judges or police officers were EVER charged for misconduct .
For a punishment to be an effective deterrent , it must be carried out in more than a few cases and in a timely manner . I know that if I kill someone in most states , I have a very high chance of never receiving the death penalty . And even if I do , I could probably appeal my way out of it . If we actually used the death penalty ( and it took less than 45yrs to get it done for people who are sentenced to it ) , trust me , it would become a deterrent .
Every state should have the " express lane " .
He's a comedy genius ... But , as for the comments . Just FYI ... If someone is against the death penalty , that doesn't mean that that person loves criminals or is a pussy or is a disease . Not saying that there isn't a debate to be had ... Just don't single people out as pussies .
It may not be " foolproof " but it takes a lot of sickos out of this world who don't diserve to contnue living because they have killed multiple people FOR NO REASON . Pro death penalty
I can't speak for the others who are against the death penalty but the main reason I'm against it is because innocent people have been condemned to death , and watch the documentary " The Last Word " in which the man who was put to death got screwed over by the District Attorney in texas and the medical examiner who withheld and tampered with crucial evidence that could've saved the man's life , just so they could get a conviction . Death Penalty isn't foolproof .
wins ! DING DING ! KO
im glad im TEXAN
Lock him up for life , so he can get raped by Bubba and his other butt buddies . So , every time he sits down , he'll think about why he's in there . He will wish he was dead .
That explains why you didn't directly reply to me . How backwards are you ? Having the death penalty would still be cheaper because there would be relatively less prison guards needed on payroll , since they'll just kill the prisoners anyway . Prosecution costs are cheaper than that of meals and guards . Law enforcement cost would remain the same , as all that's changing are the consequences of crimes , not cop behavior . Legal protection would only rise a bit in the short run . Long run , still cheaper
Alright , I can play that game too you small minded , tunnel visioned little pin head brained jerk . How's that ! Crawl out of your shell and start reading about the whole subject , jackass , and factor in EVERYTHING , moron , like law enforcement , prosecution costs and other unavoidable costs and necessary legal protections ( that protect YOU as well ) that I'm too exhausted by your stupidity to tell you . You're too obtuse to argue with any further so I'm done with you , you imbecile .
They are illogical because they make no sense whatsoever . The human body needs about 2000 calories per day , and with an evergrowing population , food costs more and more . You are trying to convey that somehow , by some inane possibility , feeding a large amount of prisoners , 3 times a day , for 365 days a year , is somehow cheaper than purchasing a stock of cyanide that would only need to be used once for these prisoners . The cost is high , but in the long run , it is cheaper . You really are an idiot .
These FACTS sound illogical to you because you don't know the meaning of reasoned thinking . If you " can't even begin to describe how﻿ illogical " it sounds then you're incapable of reasoned thought because those statements are an expression of studied fact . They sound illogical to you because you cannot grasp their self evident meaning . You probably don't understand what you just read here either ... so why did I even bother ? The last question was rhetorical ! ( Look it up in a dictionary . )
" Every study shows a bias against minorities AND it's more expensive to impose the death sentence than life in prison . " I can't even begin to describe how illogical that sounds . You're an idiot .
We can't let the murderer out because he killed ( hypothetical ) your daughter . If we let him out , he might kill your wife . We can't leave him in prison for life , that's cruel . We can't kill him , that's cruel . The truth is .... We CAN kill him , to get rid of him ... to send a message to others . It's the best choice . I don't want to kill anyone but more important than my emotions is ...... the need to rid the planet of this horrible person . A baby was just born . Kill the killer before he finds the baby
yes to death penalty﻿
Death penalty will provide closure for the family's victim . if there is no death penalty the criminals are happy while the victim's family suffer from strong grief or extreme trauma﻿
by killing the murderer u are only taking another person away from their family . how would u feel if one of your family members got the death penalty
Where are your sources ? ﻿
this is youtube where we spout whatever bullshit pops into our heads without any semblance of citation .
Get a gun , yea ? Dig a hole yea ? Shoot him in the head , yea ? Bury the cockroach(imagine the tony montana voice ) . P.S. when people say that people can be wrongfully convicted and recieve Capital Punishment , can we not say the same is happening to people who are wrongfully accused and get life in prison ? So in my oppinion no mattet what side we look at it from . Innocents will always be convicted for crimes big or small . ﻿
I get where your coming from when you see these stuff you think some people need to die . But your wrong , it's no deterrent
Ashraf i see . I we can keep them alive , I just dont want other people to get hurt .
Um if we keep them alive I don't see why we should kill them . If you didn't want that guy to reoffend don't release him . Life without parole exists you know . There's a middle way the question sin't should we release him or kill him
Ashraf just keep them in a cell their whole life ? if you think about it , thats a bigger punishment than death . Can you imagine being in the same cell for years ? Now I want your opinion , if a person killed 6 people and we sent him to life , but then after 10 into his sentance he shows signs of rehibilitation . Should we release him or hold him for the rest of his life ? In my opinion we should hold him for 10 more years and after that he would have parole .
Right . So he shouldn't get the death penalty case closed
You said : " There is no demonstrate that executions deter people from committing crime ... " , I partially agree with this statement . What happened in Singapore when they implemented the death penalty ? If you research about it , you'll clearly see that , the indice of crimes in Singapore has drastically decreased , and if you research a little bit more , SINGAPORE IS THE SAFEST PLACE IN THE WORLD . ﻿
I am against the death penalty . Is a legalized murder . It's revenge of the State . This law is immoral . ﻿
" Thou shall not kill " You're murdering someone when they're given the death penalty . Hypocrites . ﻿
Is there something wrong with the thinking that a person is taught that killing is wrong but the death penalty seems to justify ending a person's life . like how can the government say that killing is wrong and then go do the same thing . I don't understand . People tell me there is a difference between the definitions of murder and killing and it seems to be true but how different are the two if they end in the same result . I plan to write a paper about this one day , so please respond and let me know what you think . ﻿
People take the 8th Amendment too far , there is nothing cruel and unusual about being hung . It happens quick , and fast . ﻿
except when it fails
So ... let me ask this then . A man kills five people for no reason other than doing so because he felt like it . That's five people he mercilessly killed with no remorse . Five innocent people . So , he's captured . What punishment would you wish on him ? ﻿
Well it depends . Assuming he isn't mental or had an abusive background , and he was 100% doing this of his own will a life sentence of at least 20 years must be given . But is the serial killing was especially gruesome or towards children or elderly life imprisonment without parole could be a good option . ( That would be a bigger punishment than capital punishment , in fact in America an inmate killed his fellow inmate to ensure he got capital punishment )
I'm in favor of the death penalty law . Death penalty is not murder , it is self defense & a deterrent to crime , society has to defend itself against criminals , executed criminals will never murder again . I'm Italian living & working in Singapore , I admire Singapore's discipline & strict death penalty law for criminals & drug traffickers ; as a result Singapore is a free drug society & has low crime rate . I wish there was death penalty in Italy . Crimes are increasing in countries where there's no death penalty & where jails are like 1st class hotels﻿
`It isn't self-defence . With the death penalty you have them at your mercy and they can spend their life in prison ( which can be a bigger punishment ) but you chose to kill them
Fuck the death penalty ! ░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░▄▄▄▄█▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀██░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░▄███▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄█▄▄▄░░░░░░░ ▄▀▀░█░░░░▀█▄▀▄▀██████░▀█▄▀▄▀████▀░░░░░░░ █░░░█░░░░░░▀█▄█▄███▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░▀▀▄░░░░░ █░░░█░▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀░░░█░░░░ █░░░▀█░░█░░░░▄░░░░▄░░░░░▀███▀░░░░░░░█░░░ █░░░░█░░▀▄░░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█▀▄░░ ░▀▄▄▀░░░░░▀▀▄▄▄░░░░░░░▄▄▄▀░▀▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░█░░ ░█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░ ░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄██░░░░ ░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░▀█░░ █▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀█ █░░█▀▄ █▀▀ █▀█ █░░░░█░▄░█ █ ▀█▀ █░█░░█ ▀█▀░█ █░░█░█ █▀▀ █▀█ █░░░░▀▄▀▄▀ █ ░█░ █▀█░░█ ░█░░█ █░░▀▀░ ▀▀▀ ▀░▀ ▀▀▀░░░▀░▀░ ▀ ░▀░ ▀░▀░░▀ ░▀░░█﻿
I live in France where death penalty was abolished by Mitterand in 1981 along with homosexuality being considered as a medical illness . So glad . ﻿
Shannon , actually spending some decades in jail before being excuted is much worse than being brought to death immediately . The whole point of a justice system is to bring justice , also for murderers , even murderers of children . So they are also entitled to defend their case with any means , even if it takes years .
One more thing , Shannon . Most of the criminality in Western Europe is also done by foreigners . I don't care do much about racist opinions . Since it's just an opinion and I believe in a radical freedom of thoughts . It's just disappointing to see a follower of Jesus using racist arguments , while Jesus was anything but a racist . Have a great day ;) .
What about hypocrisy ? " We're gonna show that murder is wrong by murdering people " . Great message there , guys . ﻿
For fun .
you think putting them in jail is kidnapping ? XD its called punishment dumbass
Punishments are given so that the person being punished learns something from them . Death is final , so really ... death totally fails as a punishment . It's really only done so that people can feel some kind of sick satisfaction at another human's death .
dude I'm totally with you against Death Penalty ... I was talking to that other guy
Oh , I did not realise that , sorry . ^^ ;
There's no death penalty in Australia . Thank goodness . Hopefully America will soon follow . :) ﻿
I agree with your video i just wish there were sources to back yourself up﻿
+viper888 . It does not . It says pigs , not figs . LOL You're funny . I like you . ﻿
Findlay Provan , nicely said . ﻿
The death penalty is murder . What gives us the right to take a life ? The Bible states " You shall not kill " there's no " unless " . I'm NOT in favor of the death penalty and never will be . Peace . ﻿
I'm so glad that we in europe are intelligent enough that there is ( excluding Belarus ) no country in europe that still has the death penalty ! It is clear that it is against the basic human rights and that is doesn't serve a purpose ! ﻿
Amen
Luckily Belarus dosen't even use it that much at all compared to America or other unintelligent countries
YOU WIMPY HYPOCRITE CRYBABIES !!!!! HOW WILL YOU FEEL IF YOUR WIFE , DAUGHTER OR ANY CLOSE RELATIVE IS KILLED ??? MY HEART & MIND WILL BE FULL OF REVENGE !!!! EITHER YOU ALLOW THESE MURDEROUS RATS BE EXECUTED LEGALLY , WE SHOULD INCREASE THE NUMBER OF EXECUTIONS OR BRING LYNCH MOBS !!!! AND LYNCH MOBS WILL BE WORSE : ANYBODY CAN BE EXECUTED & WITHOUT TRIAL ! YOU CRYBABIES BUMS WANT THAT ? YOU ARE GOING TO GET IT ! ﻿
What a rubbish reply
Well , take it or leave it . Make your choice .
Take what
What ? You're making no sense
As I said , take it or leave it . Why can't you understand ?
In Europe we have another problem , the extreme left wing ruling our countries totally ignores the need of extreme criminals to be punished . Criminals are better protected than citizens ... guys who lost their driver's license 5-10 times because of hit and run , than kill someone with a hit and run , STILL get their driver's license ... . Murderers reject the food they get in prison because their steak is a bit too bloody , etc ... it is ridiculous !! One guy once said : ' A society is projected on how it treats its prisoners ' and ever since they started treating their prisoners better and better , and their citizens worse and worse . Probably because it's cheaper ... ﻿
The only extreme left wing countries now are China , Cuba , Laos , and Vietnam . They all have the death penalty
aha aha dooooooooooooooooooooyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy﻿
pro capital punishment﻿
How about hang a murderer right after confirmed guilty in a court of law ? they abort babies like there is no tomorrow why not start killing the scum of society so they don't go out and rape more women ... you see how the cycle works eliminate the rapists and there will be no need for abortions anymore . ﻿
Even without the risk of killing the wrong guy , I think it's wrong to kill somebody out of vengeance . It doesn't help bring any victim back , it shouldn't provide any satisfaction to victim's loved ones , and it doesn't make our society any safer . The lack of compassion people have for prisoners is astounding . The fact that a nation like the United States can't begin to make a push towards prison rehabilitation boggles the mind . ﻿
Like I said The death penalty is just vengeance wrapped up in a pretty bow and called justice Glad I live in the UK where it's abolished
yeah , but here in germany for example you get imprisioned for max . 15 years in a jail that literally looks like a hotel ... you guys have no idea how hard it is to NOT kill someone here ...
Germany has had a very low homicide rate , especially if you discount the refugees , who haven't been reconstructed into law abiding citizens .
Superman , no they are not the same thing , but murder is murder . Make them suffer for life in prison . Then the family will have justice , there will never be closure for their family whether the killer is killed or not . Some people are too eager to kill the killer , those ppl are idiots ! What if they killed an innocent person and find out years later it was someone else that murdered the victim ???!!! ﻿
1 argument for that trumps your 5 against , Closer for the victims . Unless you've lost a loved one to a murderer , you have no idea what that closer will bring to them . And by the way , these arguments can all be picked apart ... pretty weak stuff . Representation can work in favor of both sides , the cost is inconsistent across the board , depends on a lot of factors , f*ck ups ... you made that an argument ? Are we using Wikipedia as our academic source too ? ﻿
The fact of the matter is that the death penalty is just illogical . Killing to show that killing is wrong just doesn't make sense . If your brother killed a person would you gladly support his execution to give his victims family closure , there is a flip side to every coin my friend
If my brother killed someone , is Ava's argument because you bring personal emotions and feelings into the debate . Naturally , if someone has more skin in the fight they feel stronger towards a side . Killing to prove killing is wrong is a misleading statement here . Youre killing a killer who may kill and harm others again , you're preventing further harm . A baby is as innocent as any human could be . Two opposite ends of the spectrum . No comparison .
number 4 the government doesn't pay shit the tax payers do WE DO TO END LIFE'S OF INNOCENT !! ﻿
One of my arguments is that death is a easy way to escape true punishment , as they be released from isolation and danger that will most likely happen in prisons . ﻿
In cases in which the convicted is definitely guilty of murder , there should be no dispute , considering that those who do dispute such things probably do not dispute the concept of being paid what they are owed for things otherwise . ﻿
I believe execution still exists , it's antiquated and barbaric . No , I don't condone the practice . ﻿
Number 1 is exactly why the death penalty shouldn't be legal ! When someone is wrongfully executed for a crime they did not commit , it is everyone's responsibility to pay for the error and look for the real killer ! Don't make accusations or jump to conclusions until all the facts are in ! ﻿
There's also no legal justification for the murderers actions as well . ﻿
You literally said in the for death penalty that there is no proof of an innocent person has been executed . But now your saying that is happened ( and it has ) . Make up your minds﻿
you put both arguments up ? hats off to your sir . that includes my prized colander﻿
I am against at all costs . ﻿
so you wouldnt mind that a child molester being released after his prison became your neighbour ?
Did you ever hear of a Life Sentence ?
what do you mean " his prison became your neighbour " ?
child moleters don't get life in prison only murders do .
Over here in Hong Kong we don't have death penalty fortunately . ﻿
Another outstandingly good video . : relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed :: relaxed : ﻿
High cost ? I will do it for free if you send my way a moron who raped and killed kids . ﻿
Hell yeah . Finally an educated person in this comment section . Too many idiotic pussy liberals .
This is so dumb . I won't explain it to you , you wouldn't want to understand it anyway . I just wanted you to know that what you said was dumb .
If they receive the death penalty , carry it out . Midnight after being sentenced a . 22 in the back of the head . Saves tons of money . The best reason for the death penalty ? The cock-sucker will NEVER do it again ! ﻿
There will be the initial cost but my way is a bullet on the night they're found guilty so no dragging it on forever . Good idea on the bigger ammo . How about we use some of those billion bullets Napolitano bought ? lol
This wot save money most money goes to the process before execution like courts , jury and appeals . One more thing a . 22 wont do shit best to use 5.56 or . 45 :)
+little luck I could not agree more , but they would have to kill 2 or more people in my opinion﻿
" Deterrence " Who cares if their afraid or not certain crimes should have death as the punishment " High Cost " & " Representation " they shows A problem with the system not the punishment . " Botched Executions " shows A problem with the method of executions not for executions " Innocent Executed " shows another problem with the system . same argument can be made that we shouldn't imprison people because they could be innocent . ﻿
The government kills people who kill people , because killing people is bad . LOGIC﻿
Do you agree in execution ? ﻿
The executioners didn't harm/kill and innocent person , they killed a convicted criminal of murder and gave closure to the victim's family .
Killing people to show that killing is wrong is just illogical Personally I don't want to believe that I would be happier having known that another human has been killed . No matter what they've done . It's just wrath and vengeance wrapped up in a pretty bow and called justice
That is why the state conducts the trial to determine the death penalty , so their is no vengeance or ill wrath . If a family member of the murdered made the jury's decision or murdered the murderer , then it would be vengeance .
Do you have kids ? Cause let me tell you , if some man took my little girl , raped her , then smashed her head in with a rock , you bet I would want him dead , and I would shoot him myself . Or how about baby Brianna's killers . Go look that up on YouTube and tell me those monsters don't deserve death . These are not humans but creatures and creatures get killed .
We are ' somehow not able to properly end someones life ' because the European companies where the chemicals get made that are used in executions have started refusing to sell them if that's what they're going to be used for . So states are just winging it and trying to execute people with their own concoctions . ﻿
That's why we all shouldn't commit crimes . ﻿
a lot of people who commit crimes are mentally ill and/or do not care about getting in trouble . Not that it's an excuse or anything .
Population control﻿
Generally , I am against the death penalty . I understand why people are for it , but I feel that it is hypocritical to kill someone for killing someone . I might feel differently if someone I loved was murdered , but hopefully I never have to find out . ﻿
I don't believe it's cruel & unusual to put to death someone who has murdered/killed an innocent person . ﻿
just cut their hands off then they will feel the pain of stealing or murder﻿
i don't care what reasons you have aginst the death penalty , if someone kills another , it's only fair to kill them .. can you imagine having someone you know get killed ?! how would you feel knowing who ever did it is still alive ﻿
If someone killed someone I love of course I would want the mother fucker to die but that's why it's not up to me there's a process which is so often is flawed . If the wrong person is killed then that's murder .
feed them to the lions and crocs in zoos , thats a plus﻿
lol i can see all the americans raging in this vid﻿
Na , just Texans .
Certainly not Kiwis ( NZ ) nor scandinavians . ;)
Cheaper to behead or use a firing squad﻿
it's you who made a complete fool of yourself on multiple occasions and can't admit it .
You were saying you were trying to show me that I'm wrong . I said you failed . That statement is logically correct whether I am right or not . ... and of course I am right . ;-)
Yep I failed at making you smarter but not at outsmarting you . However since you aren't gonna get smarter you're waisting my time so LEAVE
The people that need confirmation that they are somehow " smart " or have to reiterate that they " outsmarted " someone , usually are the ones that are really really dumb . I don't think you are the exception . Go get an education , dude .
OK Dude . PS - You say I repeat myself
The last one reminded me of the movie ' The Green Mile . ' ﻿
If you kill someone on purpose you should also get killed and if it's not on purpose then the people should look into it and give different sentences for different reasons . ﻿
Why don't they just do what they did back then . If they are proven guilty next day take them outside set up a five man firing squad problem solved also no f*ck ups just aim for the head or torso but if they survive just put one more round in there head . Saves us tax payers money ﻿
It still dosent save y'all any money . They most money is jurys and trials and appeals thats like th lead up to the execution
If only you posted this video a week before , it would of helped in my R.E exam !! ﻿
How about this ' all life is holy ' thing that anti-abortion people use ? ﻿
98% of abortions occur after the first trimester Full grown mammals do not have consciousness . Fetuses of 10 weeks old do have consciousness . Just give your source for these claims .
Oh sorry I meant to type at . When I type on my phone , I can't see what I'm writing because the letters are in the way . The phone must have used the word it thought I was typing . . its like 88-91% done in first trimester but its 12-14 weeks . That's still a pretty well formed baby . They can usually tell the sex .
What has the sex to do with brain fuction ? And where the fuck did you find that other information ?
Instead of those sentenced to death , they should be used as laboratory experiments for government use as actual human test subjects . It may not be constitutional but neither is the NSA tap wiring into our homes﻿
I think there's a big difference between doing like the nazis did on the jews , and the NSA listening to your bullshit .
i agree
I believe in the death penalty if there is correct justification for the outcome﻿
Death penalty to the death penalty ! ﻿
In most criminal cases seeking justice and retribution are unimportant things . If someone is extremely violent towards living things they are not human and should forfeit their life . ﻿
what an obnoxiously long post . i am not reading this .
lol
Maybe I watch to much Game of Thrones but I think people should get beheaded when given the death penalty . ﻿
* Too . Sorry , my inner Stannis got the better of me .
you were done at I watch to much Game of Thrones lol
Naa too quick , if someone say , raped & murdered my wife i'd want to hear him scream in agony , for at least 5 - 10 mins thats just me tho i love my wife .
Very interesting vid ! Especially with the recent Boston bombing case . ﻿
Bruh ﻿
Isn't this reuploaded ? ﻿
No , what makes you think that ?
The other one is reasons for death penalty
Becuase I saw it in my subscription box and again
23rd view . ﻿
First﻿
Mope
Not quite , i won by 8 seconds :D
First﻿
Nor where you ...
Was I ?
If I was owner this channel , I will banned you all .
You will banned us all , banned , really ...
Oops !!! hhhhhhhh
first lololoololol﻿
Nope
I actually was soo ....
to get raped lololololol
Damn , you got me there !
Why would the death penalty deter someone who thinks that they will not be caught ? ﻿
It's a deterrent It objectively isn't . Your position is invalid . USA executes loads of criminals yet it's homicide rate is one of the highest of all developed nations . ﻿
Very dangerous woman . ﻿
Priti Patel is a dizzy motherfucker . How the fuck is this bimbo a M . P﻿
" This is really about our criminal justice system " ... yes . That's just a bland truism , what does that have to do with anything lol﻿
The U.S. Justice Dept are pushing for the death penalty re the Charleston Church shooting . Lets hope they get it , if they do it will send a message to any other murdering fukkers . ﻿
Idiot Ian Islop says dont have the death penalty just in case the person being executed is innocent . Ok then lets take Ian's argument even further : Lets REALEASE EVERYBODY IN PRISON JUST IN CASE THEY ARE INNOCENT , RIGHT ? WRONG !!!!! ﻿
If someone is found to be innocent then they can be released and compensated . Capital punishment is final , you can't give an innocent their life back once you've fucking killed them .
What about the ones that are guilty ? They dont get the death penalty either . Bring back capital punishment NOW !!
Hey idiot go learn how to read . I said '' LETS TAKE HISLOPS ARGUMENT EVEN FURTHER AND REALEASE EVERYBODY FROM PRISON JUST IN CASE THEY ARE INNOCENT '' . NOT IAN HISLOP SAID LETS RELEASE EVERYONE FROM PRISON . You need reading lessons . Also forget about god . Hes forgotten about you . Instead start concentrating on what matters , like the victims of serious crime . GO VOTE TO BRING BACK CAPITAL PUNISHMENT , LIKE I DID . THEN GO TO READING CLASSES . IDIOT !!! LOL !!!!
Harriet Harmen is only concerned about capital punishment in case her husband gets the death penalty for claiming expenses on his porno collection ( he tried to claim money back via his wife for his collection of porno material ) This just goes to show you must NEVER believe a thing this woman says . In view of that I now trust you will all vote to bring back capital punishment right ?? ﻿
Some idiot left a comment saying capital punishment does not work in any way . It works in the Most important way of all . It stops the fuckers from going out and killing some other poor so and so . so BRING BACK CAPITAL PUNISHMENT NOW !!!!!!!! ﻿
I'd vote for the death penalty tomorrow . ﻿
not a genius but I have a 3.7 gpa
congratulation's go to the top of the class .
Yeah again your entire argument is just revenge which has no economic or social benefits other than to make the family of the dead . " Less angry " . Oh lol I still love how you made up that 88% statistic lol . Because in truth or scientific data goes against you . You just cannot accept it ..
Hey retardo , several times I have asked you whats wrong with '' revenge '' . Still you dont give an answer . Probably because you dont have one . Also , it was YOU that gave that 88 percent figure to ME ( I sent you the actual comment where YOU stated the 88 percent statistic ) not me to you . So in summing up : I say you are completely clinically mental . And should be sectioned under the Mental Health Act . I am still analysing your comments to see if you are actually a danger to society . If I feel you are I should really notify the authorities . I probably will anyway . Keep an eye out for men in white coats and straight jackets .
of course there should be a death penalty . Its a no brainer . ﻿
AS MANY AS POSSIBLE I HOPE !!!!
Okay troll ..
LOL !!! I have come to the conclusion that I am the master of mass debating , YOU are the master of masturbating .
troll .
tw@
Society is just a group of people who are required to abide by a set of rules . Those who don't wish to abide by these rules and break them are simply just removed from this society and taken to a place called jail . I don't understand what more their is to discuss or why you need to make it anymore complicated . Those who support the death penalty state that it acts as a deterrent ! Well , if you want a deterrent then why not just use torture as the punishment for the crime . ﻿
I am against the death penalty . Is a legalized murder . It's revenge of the State . This law is immoral . ﻿
Abortion
The Burden of Proof Priti Patel is referring to in this video is Beyond the shadow of a doubt is the strictest standard of proof . It requires that there be no doubt as to the issue . Widely considered an impossible standard , a situation stemming from the nature of knowledge itself , it is valuable to mention only as a comment on the fact that evidence in a court never need ( nor can ) reach this level . This phrase , has , nonetheless , come to be associated with the law in popular culture . ﻿
Anybody who supports this is either a moron or very ignorant . ﻿
I can prove Jesus existed . You cannot prove He does not exist . Over to you .
1 . Jesus isn't god , he is the son of god , except he isn't , cos god dont exist . 2 . God dont exist ( but if you want to attempt proving he does , go right ahead ) 3 . Your stupidity does exist , I have your comments to prove it .
You've contradicted yourself , yet again , and copied my words and phrases , yet again . Prove Jesus did not exist . Saying He did not , just won't cut it . Nor do you're silly insults . Once you resort to insults you prove you can't debate or back up what you say . All you have proved so far is that you are a totally inadequate person with an empty space where your brain should be .
Your just boring and sad . Have a great life in your religious fantasy world . I prefer the real world . Bye .
Copying me again . I told you you were boring , when you complained of being bored . Only boring people are bored . The fact that you've replied so many times means you have just contradicted yourself . Again . You're the one in the fantasy world , that's why you get your thrills from Harry Poter .
Take a life , forfeit your own . The only way for a safe society . Denise Bulger agrees . How would you feel if it were your child ? ﻿
No answer from Daniel Ryan , another one who disregards Bible teaching and wants murderers let loose on our streets . Perhaps he should consider that God wants a safe society for us all , that God is interested in the victims not the perpetrators of crime .
Ha ! Is that why Jesus went and sat with the sinners ? I think it's you who's disregarding Biblical teaching . As far as I'm concerned a lot of the bible deals with forgiveness ? Or , are you one of them who is just concerned with the Old Testament ? Christian , my arse .
We are discussing capital punishment which is scriptural . If you want to discredit me , prove otherwise . You won't be able to . Jesus was concerned with the Old Testament , he often referred to it and said He came to fulfill the law and the prophets . I wouldn't dismiss the OT if I were you . I think you'll find the NT says ALL scripture is inspired by God , and this was before the NT was in existence . Now , tell us , what comes before forgiveness ?
I'm not dismissing the Old Testament . Like I've said before ' Thou shall not kill ' . Why is it that this particular Commandment can be bent but one such as ' Thou shall not commit adultery ' can't ? Pardon me , but I think it more immoral for someone to kill someone ( whether it be the state or not ) than if they gossiped a little bit ( Thou shall not bear false witness ) but seeing as so many Christians tend to bend the Bible to their own liking and to fit their agenda ( Westboro Baptist Church for example ) it's little wonder that in certain places , say certain American states , you can still be jailed for " Sodomy " but you're okay to get the lethal injection .
It seems , as it says in Romans 2 ( New Testament ) that you may be guilty of what you accuse others , twisting the bible to suit your own agenda ? Capital punishment is scriptural . God says it , not I . See my post 6 May which explains why executioners of the state do not commit murder . " Whoever strikes a man so that he dies shall be put to death " .... Exodus 21.12 . God says it , not I . I am staying on topic , which is - capital punishment .
If you want deterrents on the rapists and murderers so bad why don't you go back to your home country India , which has a lot of deterrents you want to keep you from being gangraped of course . ﻿
No . ﻿
" ultimate burden of proof " - this woman's bullshitting , the legal term is to meet the " standard of proof " , the " burden of proof " refers to whether the defence or prosecution has to prove a particular legal point . She's full of shit , and conning the public into believing she knows how the system works . ﻿
Conservatives should be made to watch " Making a murderer " on netflix . ABSOLUTE PROOF will never exist
True , or just watch Minority Report , even Tom Cruise knows , that's how obvious it is .
Priti Patel isn't very bright is she ? ﻿
No
She sounds a lot smarter than you ..
How very waggish of you
Priti Patel is thick . If capital punishment was a deterrent then nobody would have been executed .
I don't know why she keeps going on about ' full burden of proof ' . We have to prove guilt as it is , it's just that sometimes the courts get it wrong . Does she think we currently convict murderers on a hunch ?
Murdering in order to show intolarance of murder ... hmmmm . ﻿
LOL !!!!!!! With every reply you give me your sounding more and more bizarre and unstable ( do YOU get the urge to kill ? Just imagine how ironic THAT would be ) You would make a wonderful case study at a psychiatrists seminar . At least promise me you will see a mental health worker , yes ? If not , have a great life . And DONT HURT ANYBODY !! Bye .
I don't know if I should laugh or yawn ... typical of the lazy minded to engage in ad hominines ... its a cognitive thing for you ... thinking can be hard work ... why bother right ? lol
I take it you're still on your medication because throwing insults at people who disagree with your opinion suggest that YOU are crazy and a bit simple .
I see you've stopped taking YOUR medication . This must be the reason why you care more about murdering scumabgs , than innocent victims . Hmmm , its you that's the simpleton I think . Get a brain that works , leave the illegal drugs alone and start thinking properly . FOOL !!!
... and the ones against it think that a rapist , murderer etc etc must not die ! Really ... lets protect the monsters of this world , and keep them alive . Weak people ! Lets continue to overcrowd prisons so that taxpayers can pay for their meals , and accomodation etc etc .... get a grip﻿
And the terrifying thing is that the stupid Priti Patel , who cannot in any way justify her ludicrous and reactionary opinions , is now a minister in the British government ! ﻿
Can't stand the witch P . Patel . Her father once claimed " UKIP is not a racist party " . His annoying daughter is equally disillusioned . ﻿
must say uk has come a long way , the very country that introduced hanging to its colonies ' and hanged people who rebelled againts british rule﻿
Oh lord . Priti Patel is THICK AS PIGSHIT . ﻿
The conservatives make me sick . ' They choose to commit the crimes ' . What about mental illnesses ? Oh wait , sorry I forgot that the conservative don't care about mental health . All they care about is money , they don't give a shit about what the British people want . I can't help but ask myself : WTF is wrong with people ? Why would you vote for these money grabbing honkeys ? ﻿
I agree , most criminals need help
Priti patal employment minister disgusting woman﻿
On Priti Patel's first statement ; I wonder how many murderers who are convicted and serve a life sentence come out of prison after 25 years and kill again ? Interesting to see them figures . ﻿
So much ignorance about mental illness during this debate . ' It makes them think twice . ' Really ? How about you think twice why these people do these things in the first place . It's not on a whim just because you want to do something horrible to another person . What about if they're high on drugs or mentally ill . To say it's a deterrent is the most staggeringly ignorant thing you can possibly say on this subject . ﻿
In my opinion , death penalty is a justified punishment for people found guilty of severe crimes like mass killing , torturing and raping , assuming the person perpertrating these crimes was of a sound mind at the time of these crimes and shows no signs of regret or improvement ... Death penalty acts like a perfect deterrent and prevents such a person from offending again .... ﻿
I think the death penalty should be reinstated . Because when a criminal takes away the victims freedom then why should the criminal deserve a life when he has taken away someone else's life .
your ' civilized society ' is Bullshit . ﻿
Terrorists like members of the IRA , ISIS , etc should be put before a firing squad & shot or sent to the gallows , just like in the old days . William Joyce was a British Nazi traitor who was hung for treason in WW2 . Chopping heads off of a Syrian soldier isn't on . ﻿
I'm against the death penalty for many reasons . First , it doesn't get to the root of them problem and fix the causes that compel them to a crime . Second , if the threat of going to jail doesn't deter someone from a crime , then how would the threat of killing them be any more effective . Third , it's possible for people to be killed who have never committed the crime . But most importantly , it sends the wrong message . It says " It's not okay for you as a citizen to kill someone , but it's okay for the government to kill you . " ﻿
I would maintain that execution , if not as a deterrent , functions as a prevention mechanism : even if perhaps applicable only to subjects with explicit goals of future murder who seem immune to rehabilitation .
I cannot agree with " life in prison solves it " - because from almost any angle , it clearly doesn't solve it ( and in an alarming number of cases makes things worse ) .
Priti Patel is a plonker . The US has almost four times the murder rate of the UK . Does the death penalty act as a deterrent there ? ﻿
Out of context and foul mouth tirade launched by out dignified little Dragon Boy , now came down to accusing others of being troll . Any wonder UK is lagging behind Germany on every single parameter of socio-economic development .
Yawn .
Germans should not talk about killing others . Ever .
I am just a German National . No war guilt here . Try harder .
Death penalty is a thing of the dark ages . ﻿
bring back death p for the fucking leftists﻿
lefties only car about the rights ofvthe criminals
lefties are peodophile lovers they wouldnt like it if it was there kids being raped or killed
Priti Patel MP would change her tune if it was someone she knew/loved who was sentenced to death . Not only is the death penalty not a deterent , it is an hipocrisy . Families of murder victims have been found to be disatisfied after the execution of the perpetrator - no matter how much they wanted it - because there is nowhere left to direct their anger . ﻿
its not just priti patel lots of people support the death penalty , cannot understand why they have all ganged up on her﻿
criminals can get away with murder , vandalism , harrasement vandalism etc etc etc﻿
law is too soft in uk﻿
Considering that untouchable politicians have skeletons in their closests as well as the endless controversy surrounding westminster , I for one don't feel confortable or 100% confident with who they choose who gets to live and who gets to die . ﻿
Here's a light-hearted distraction : keep pressing 0 for a Dimbleby machine gun . ﻿
Rather ironically the only person i would approve for capital punishment is priti patel . ﻿
, really ? so u do believe in capital punishment
So we can legalise murder then if we become the government/police ?
It worries me that we elect people like Priti Patel . She bases her support of capital punishment on a deterrent effect . She needs to familiarise herself with facts . There is a massive amount of evidence to suggest that it does not have any deterrent effect . ﻿
, rubbish look at countries where they carry out capital punishment , murdes are low
I see common sense isn't your strongest suit . So by your logic , the UK and Europe would have higher murder rates than America . Looking at it in another way , by your logic ( and please give evidence ) would you say that seeing as Texas puts the most people to death , are you saying therefore that it has the lowest murder rates in the U.S. ?
Priti Patel will never listen to logic because she is pushing a Muslim ideology , and the Religious are allergic to logic . ﻿
, shows how much of an idiot u r shes a hindu , us has capital ppunishment and a christain country
The state murdering it's own citizens is a long slippery and dangerous road to go down . ﻿
In my country of Canada , the last executions were over 50 years ago . Capital punishment is barbaric . ﻿
In cases of murder , rape , paedophilia , and treason ( including terrorism ) the death penalty should be available to the jury in exceptional cases﻿
I wonder if Patel would be in favour of the death penalty if it applied to treasonous politicians ? ﻿
Priti Patel was as stupid then as she is now . ﻿
Indeed .
How does the death penalty serve as punishment to fit the crime for rapists ? Surely a life behind bars getting ass raped by muscly tattoed guys is more fitting . ﻿
1 ) it's not a deterrent 2 ) it costs more 3 ) It doesn't help clear prisons , because the long legal battle after the sentence keeps prisoners on death row for a long time 4 ) it is always possible to KILL AN INNOCENT PERSON under this justice system How anybody can support it is completely beyond me ! To think this woman has a position in the cabinet now is terrifying ! ﻿
! } Nobody cares if its a deterrent or not . 2 ) It costs more ? Yeah right . A murdering fucker stays in jail for 50 yrs and that's cheaper than him being hanged ? 60 seconds ? I think you need maths lessons . ( 3 ) Cut the death row time . Problem solved . ( 4 ) Some murderers are in prison and we KNOW they did it . No guessing . No hearsay . No supposition . THEY DID IT ! HANG THE FUCKERS !!! (5 ) YOUR GUILTY OF BEING A DICK HEAD ( Just thought you needed reminding again sorry )
Fuck me your a mental cunt
At the moment I am seriously thinking about wanting capital punishment for dopy cunts like you !!
Yes but what about the ONES WHO WERE PROVEN THEY DID THE MURDERS YOU STUPID CUNT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Shocking that Priti Patel , is now in Government , neither views like this , but then she does fit the bill ..... female and Asian heritage﻿
lots of whites and male support death penalty
priti patel is a hindu not a muslim
That Patel is a quota token within the bounds of the Tories . ﻿
Bloody hell . This woman's a monster . ﻿
, and how about the cold blooded murders are they not monsters
But that's his point isn't it , that she is as monstrous as the murderers themselves as she's really , advocating a different type of murder .
That was to you Courtney
hmm u seem to be for the murders
She's awesome and hot and capital punishment , God willing , will come back to the UK one day . ﻿
It's scary that she's the DWP minister now . Capital punishment as a deterrent ? Very dangerous thinking indeed . Could turn a crime of passion , for instance , into several more crimes of desperation . Thoughtless input from the wicked tory battleaxe . ﻿
look at the case of ralf moat he sould never been released out of prision when the prision gards knew he was going to kill﻿
to take a life to serve life behind prision without being parroled﻿
I don't understand the death penalty , surely it is the easy way out for criminals because if they are dead then they won't be around to suffer for their crimes and receive a punishment . I also don't think it would prevent anyone from committing a crime worthy of capital punishment as they would most likely happen out of anger and so they will not think or even care about the consequences at the time . ﻿
Priti Patel got voted in ! oh my word how on earth does this happen . and now she is a cabinet minister﻿
Conservative MP Priti Patel has been appointed as Minister of State at the Department for Work and Pensions . Her boss is Iain Duncan Smith . Look out . ﻿
Not that I support death penalty , but I am surprised that people who debate in favour of it in the video failed to point out that death penalty would actually prevent the crime from happening in the first place which would rule out innocent victims . I think that would have been the most obvious argument against those who oppose capital punishment due to the potential of sending someone innocent to the death row . ﻿
If you support the death penalty you also ( intentionally or not ) support the execution of innocent people . Justify that . What if you find yourself on death row for a crime you didn't commit are you going to say " Oh well , at least they're right most of the time , I'm a worthy sacrifice " ﻿
Talk about a proper deterrent ... ¬_¬
Cool story bro .
Here's an idea : Instead of the death penalty , why don't we chop off body parts of the criminals and use them for medical science ? Have they attempted to do that ?
Yes , it's called Sharia Law in Muslim countries .
They use it for medical science ?
The utter stupidity and willful ignorance of Priti and other death penalty advocates is just staggering . They throw out nonsense that has no scientific basis , like claiming it works as a deterrent , nor has any common sense basis since the most heinous crimes where you would apply it to are done out of sheer irrational rage or mental instability or by socio/psyhcopaths . Anybody who thinks somebody rapes and murders a child or slices a human being in pieces to eat it is rational and if only he wouldn't risk prison but the death penalty , then he wouldn't do it , probably needs some psychological evaluation themselves .. ﻿
state sponsored murder is still murder , you might think you can justify it , but you can not , no justice system is 100 accurate , miscarriages will happen , you are the monster you deny . the death penalty is an act of a tyrant . a true Justice system should be about justice never revenge .
I agree .
Murder is the premeditated , cold blooded killing of the innocent.so if the Birmingham 4 Guildford 6 would of be given the death penalty you are saying the government has murdered them , well done
DNA isn't 100% accurate and can get contaminated .
There is no need for the death penalty in England . You only have what ? 800 murders a year ? Just lock them up for life so that they cant kill again . That way , if there has been a miscarriage of justice at least no innocent person has died . In any case , we need murders , natural disasters , suicides , wars , diseases etc otherwise the world would be overpopulated by now . ﻿
It amazes me that so many woolly minded liberal arseholes are still preaching that capital punishment was never a deterrent to murder . Well I beg to differ ! As a kid growing up in 50's Britain the knowledge that an execution was taking place had a profound effect on our young impressionable minds , as indeed did the threat of the cane ! Of course it didn't work for everyone , but any deterrent is better than non at all as we are now discovering . ﻿
Except that many countries without the death penalty have lower murder rates than ones that do . There's really no evidence that it deters crime . Multiple studies have shown this .
Does this prove a correlation between the two ? Who can say for sure ? The only thing we can say with any certainty is that statistical data alone cannot win the argument for either side . Which brings me back rather nicely to its deterrent value on young , impressionable minds . As it was to me in the 1950's .
﻿

Fact is the death penalty costs more ( so you can use ' oh we tax payers have to pay to keep them in prison ) because of the longer process of ensuring its the right decision . It does not reduce crime rates what so ever , do you think the average person is likely to rape , beat or murder someone ? Those are people who do it in the heat of the moment ( anger ) , under the influence of drugs/alcohol or suffer from mental illnesses . ﻿
Bullshit . The endless appeals are the reason why it costs more . Why on hell will you wait an average of 11 years to put down the murderer ?
Priti Patel view is ; -'shot first , ask questions when the flies start taking interest ' As for crime , we have a deterrent , its called the Prison , and that rarely works . The justice system is run by humans , judges are human , lawyers are often sub-human , and the justice system gets it wrong , sometimes terribly , and the guilty walk . We only need to look at our political and corporate elite to see that . ﻿
Priti Patel --- are you really such an idiot ? ﻿
OF COURSE WE ALWAYS GET THE WRONG MAN ! ﻿
It is obvious that no moral argument is going to sway the hangers , floggers , and bashers , so perhaps change of tack is needed ? I propose , that the names and addresses of Death Penalty supporters be kept in a register , and should it be reinstated , every time an innocent person gets the chop , a dozen or so randomly selected people on this list should be forced to meet the victim's family face-to-face , negotiate a price for the victim's life , and compensate them with the agreed amount out of their own pockets . What's the betting that as soon as money is involved , all of a sudden they will acquire some principles , and life imprisonment will be the preferred option ? ﻿
Why do people murder ? For profit- so they know the risks involved . In passion- done without aforethought . Or by compulsion- so it cannot be controlled . None of these reasons would be at all affected by a ' deterrent ' . ﻿
but all can be punished via the death penalty
I think life in solitary is actually worse . Whether you believe in an afterlife or not , years of boredom first is a good punishment .
yeah and you've been in solitary confinement it seems . There are thousands of people in solitary confinement across the United states , some only get out for 1 hour or less a day . None kill themselves , even the most cold blooded gang banger . yet the liberals will be the first to kill themselves when put in this situation , yeah fucking right . When you are in that situation and realize what it means to end your existence forever you wouldn't go through with it . Even the survivors of suicide , specifically people who jump from the golden gate bridge came to this realization . you guys live in a fantasy world .
Calm down , it's only an idea . I don't believe in the death penalty anyway so that's the alternative .
solitary confinement is designed specifically in part for people who are suicidal . solitary confinement is not punishment , you still have human contact . The mexican mafia is notorious for ordering hits outside the prison from within solitary confinement
I come at this from a completely different position of being incoherent . ﻿
Priti Patel , what a complete and utter idiot . Every word that came out of her mouth was utter crap . More women in Politics , yes , but not ones like her . Idiot . ﻿
haha ! ' IT'S NOT A DETERRENT KILLING THE WRONG PEOPLE!' Yes !!!!!!! ﻿
Priti Patel is like an English Sarah Palin﻿
piri patel , what a disgusting person , hope when someone she loves faces a death penalty say in Pakistan she changes her tune , ﻿
why does the fetus have legal status after 22 week ? and not the 1st week ?
after 22nd week it is considered that there's intent to carry the pregnancy through and any harm to fetus would also be considered attack that could cause serious harm or death to mother and the fetus i/e potentiality a child . I'm sure if you look in to law books they have it better explained albeit bit more technical . for 1st week or even 12th week women/an could easily miscarriage and under law there are no provisions for miscarriage , for these can be caused by number of things , alcohol , drug abuse , havy smoking , lack of proper nutritional intake and illness .
" for 1st week or even 12th week women/an could easily miscarriage and under law there are no provisions for miscarriage , for these can be caused by number of things , alcohol , drug abuse , havy smoking , lack of proper nutritional intake and illness . " Thats a fair argument , so you're saying it's incredibly hard to have a miscarriage after the 22nd week ?..... interesting ...
if you want to talk about death penalty , I think it clearly should be legal because people have a right to support who they want to live and not live ....
u can also take a look on abortion in English law under common law . BTW you're really off the subject with abortion and death penalty nonsense here , which indicate to me that you're trolling .
Tony Blair abolished the death penalty for treason . I wonder why ? Did he know something we didn't ? The fact is that it MUST be reintroduced . Our country is currently heaving with seditious vermin who are members of a global child raping slaving cult . The filthy vermin in the mosques and their fanatical followers teach one thing ; that they have an OBLIGATION to lie to , undermine , subvert , subjugate and enslave ALL other people . N o-o ne ANYWHERE in the world is safe living near or amongst vermin who regard them and their daughters as prey . WHEREVER Muslims are in numbers they become increasingly violent ALWAYS . ﻿
Pitel's fear mongering is the same type of platitudes voiced by the American conservatives who favor capital punishment . If it worked as a " deterrent " Texas which has the highest number of executions would have the least number of murders . Yet it has some of the highest numbers violent crime and murder in the entire US . As an American I wish we would abolish a nonsensical law based not on jurisprudence but on a primordial sense of vengeance . ﻿
Clearly none of these peoples children have been raped or murdered , if they had im sure there woul be a different saying in the audience . ﻿
wahahaha hope like like getting kicked from Google retard
wahahaha removing your comment like a little girl , or maybe you are defending rapists and pedophiles because you are one hmm , stands to reason I suppose . Delete your account pedophile lover
Gary Brown sucks dick for bus fare , then walks home .
And if one of your children was convicted and put on death row ....
If a member of my family touched up a kid then ye , take his/her head clean off
Obviously , Patel wants the death penalty back , as a lobbyist for tobacco companies , she likes dealing out death . ﻿
The only people in favour of the death penalty are these hardballing , yuppie types who think they're too clever by half . A little knowledge is a dangerous thing .. how can you show someone , who dismisses anything they don't agree with , the error of their ways ? Ignorance is bliss . ﻿
Capital punishment can be a deterrent , but that is not it's purpose . It's purpose is to get rid of scum and provide closure to families . Having said that , murder is not always a crime ; it depends on whether the person deserves it or not . ﻿
Nah I'm just not a lily-livered liberal pussy with political correctness clouding my judgement .
I would love to execute them myself ! It would be a dream job , coming up with all the methods and everything ! Boiling , acid , human microwave , oh and you gotta have some scientific testing as well , at least to get some use out of them .
" if you kill a shithead you should get the world's applause . " If you believe that then why don't you put it into practice and kill yourself ?
Maybe because I'm not a criminal scumbag ? You fucking liberals , man , Jesus fucking Christ .
Very well put , and I'd like to add my pov : 1 ) Every kill/murder should obviously never be met with equal terms ; gangster killing gangster vs . anyone killling child etc 2 ) Adding to above , even if you get thrown in Death Row there should be about 1 hour beating with real physical harm before the fact . 3 ) My final option is : no death penalty for anyone , but that beating I mentioned already and then absolute incarcerated sentence ( to every criminal ) WITH possibility of suicide any given time ( ever-present cyanide capsule or sotn )
uk needs to bring back the death penalty in extreme cases . ﻿
Lads , I think I fancy Harriet Harman a bit . ﻿
Make the death penalty quicker for them . The day after the case ends ... DEATH !!! ﻿
if one day , I have a choice between saving the life of a death row inmate or yours , I'll choose the first one . There's any hope left for him or her on becoming a useful person .
If one day , I have a choice between saving the life of a death row inmate or yours , I'll choose none . I would rather prevent the death of an innocent child .
source ? ﻿
ok﻿
brian shoemaker . who mentioned food ?? let them eat scraps from the bins . maybe theyll just wither away . problem solved .. ﻿
I feel sorry for people supporting death penalty . In the best case , their lifes are filled with hate and bitterness . In the worst case , their souls are dead too . ﻿
Woot ! My state might readd the death penalty again !
There are FAR worse things you can do to someone than kill them . Ian Brady convicted serial child killer in the UK has been serving a whole life tariff since 1966 . He has come to the realisation that he is better off dead so he is on hunger strike . He is currently being force fed . I hope he lives to 100 - 23 years to go ! ﻿
death is way too easy a punishment for these freaks . how do you suffer when your dead ? stick the pricks , aswell as all the kiddi fiddlers , in the main part of the jail population and let them sort them out . Allow them to be torchered everyday so they have a fair idea of the pain and torcher the families of their victims feel everyday . And unless any of you do-gooders have lost a relative or friend to something awful like that , please feel free to take these idiots into your home and see how well that works for you . ﻿
This society is in need to ensuring these bastards never kill again . ﻿
I don't believe in the death penalty actually Not because of all that liberal bull shit But because its to humane If my mother was murdered by some psycho Ide torture the shit out of them if i had the chance And then ide kill them ﻿
We will kill the innocent peopled so the murderers can't good advice﻿
Some people are beyond redemption . ﻿
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few . ﻿
The death penalty for those who support it . ﻿
Thank you . The thing is we support the victims ' families , unlike anti-death penalty people , who support the victimizers and don't give a shit about the murderer's victims .
If someone I loved was raped and or killed , I would want this penalty for their killer . They would deserve nothing less . They did the fucking deed , and they NEED to pay for it . They made the willing to decision to take an innocent persons life . You anti-death penalty people , talk to the loved one of someone who has been murdered , and see how they feel . ﻿
I agree with him , those who kill innocent people don't deserve to live .
zzzzzzz
Life in prison without possibility of parole , is worse punishment than death for those that don't believe in anything beyond this life . But the fact that there've been many innocent people exonerated that are on death row destroys the entire justification for the death penalty . If just ONE innocent person is put to death the entire system is morally reprehensible . The FBI just he classified how their hair analysis was flawed in many convictions we're based on erroneous data . Anyone who you would think be eligible for the death penalty give them life without the possibility of parole(unless further evidence exonerates them ) and you have done the the victims family Justice .
An eye for an eye , a life for a life . Seems fair to me . ﻿
At least some one gets it
An eye for an eye makes the world go blind -Ghandi
ahah a pro-Death penalty video posted by " All you need is love . " ... Am I the only one to see the irony ? ﻿
if OBONGO supports it then it must be something fishy about it ! No death penalty ! ﻿
This video disgusts me , you're trying to manipulate people into thinking that the death penalty is good by showing these violent criminals and innocent victims . You can't show some actual facts about why the death penalty is good , instead you have to put up some music in the background and show criminals and victims hoping your viewers will sniffle up . Give me a break . ﻿
Look , I'm not criticizing the penalty ( though I don't agree with it ) , I'm criticizing the video . She presents no arguments whatsoever , no statistics , or solid proof that the death penalty is a good thing . Again , I wasn't criticizing what she thinks , I was criticizing the video .
The answer is in 3:32 - 3:57 . No additional facts are necessary . If your loved one has been a victim , this will make sense to you .
dont attack them they made it for a debate class and the video does not reflect their personal views
well thats the point isnt it ? they're not going to show them doing good shit are they ? its because they committed a crime ..... and what should the victims look like ? hardcore cunts ? sounds silly really doesnt it ?
ok
Hey guys I am a liberal ! If you rape 390839038298398423 babies , kill 999999999 pregnant mothers , and gargle newborn dicks , you will only be put in jail for life :) Free food , shelter , occasional basketball games in the courtyard . YAAAAAAY ANTI DEATH PENALTY !!!!!........ ﻿
condemned *
Well , they deserve it because of the things they did , so that's fair .
hi i'm retarded ( or just conservative ) and i hate the government and think they can't do anything right ... except kill people
So you think putting them out of their Missuri is going to be worse than being stuck in a cage for the rest of your lifetime with horrible food btw
If anyone knows the name of the song please let me know ? c : ﻿
Karma Police -Radio Head
I am supporting death sentence to the day I die ﻿
Then you should die today .
anti death penalty person who wishes death for pro death penalty person .. how ridiculous
I see US still live in the dark age and I hope the death penalty will be abolished . ﻿
nice this helped me in school :D ﻿
Very Well Done ! Hope you got an A+ ! As for the moron below me who says " Death to the Death Penalty " ... Well ... LOL ! I hope the rapists and mass murderers go to your house , or that you get the bill for housing , guarding , and feeding the baby killers of the world ... Numpty ... ﻿
I think John Floyd Thomas Jr. was sentenced to life in prison without parol not the death penalty . i am not sure tho ! ﻿
Murder is the illegal taking of life . The death penalty is a justified , legal , systematic taking of life . Murderers and rapists surrender their right to live when they choose to commit such atrocities against society . ﻿
As disgusting as it is , should all rape be considered in the same terms as the taking of life ? I doubt it .
Death to the death penalty . ﻿
The death penalty is the best way of dealing with the evil scum that destroy lives . DEATH IS JUSTICE If you agree follow me on twitter @deathforcrimes ﻿
People say that murder is wrong but isnt death penalty murder and people also say if you do something back to someone your no better than them﻿
For all you people out there not aware of the political situation in other countries . Several Southeast Asian countries have the death penalty for non-murder related charges such as drug trafficking . And people think U.S.A is harsh . SMH﻿
But , yet the U.S has the 5th Highest Execution Rate , in the World . Nobody said the U.S was the most Inhumane Country . But you're leaving out the fact that many other Countries do have a better Human Rights Record than America does : The Falklands , Argentina , Canada , Greenland , Australia , New Zealand , & almost every single Country in Europe , undoubtedly has a better Human Rights Record than America does .
Death penalty for life !!! ﻿
Liked the video and the song by Radio Head was perfect . ﻿
An eye for an eye is a sentence from the bible which even Jesus revoke !!! And I am not religios , but this should mean something .. don't you think ... BAN THE DEATH PENALTY !!!
Seeing the pictures of the victims hurts me .... but we have no right at all to take the life of somebody even if he done such horrible things ! Because the death penalty is inhuman and yes all those murderer and rapists are human and should be treat like that otherwise we wouldn't be better than tthem and thi is what makes a democracy !! BAN THE DEATH PENALTY !!!!!!!!!
America ain't civilized in your opinion
What gives you the impression that I'm against providing Saddam a lawyer ? I was just commenting on his audacity and inability to sympathize with anyone else . I completely and 100% agree with you , which also happens to be one of the biggest reasons I'm opposed to the death penalty . An eye for an eye is the basest of human instincts , and not something to be glorified in today's world .
In self defence I have no problem with it . When the person is unarmed , in custody and no longer a threat then I would and do have a problem with it .
Yeah , generally people who are armed and shooting at them . I see no problem with killing in that situation . When the person is unarmed and no longer a threat - then no .
Personal attacks instead of a counter argument ? Excellent tactic ! :p
I refuse to go down to their level . Killing them would do that .
Millions of people believe in honour killings and genital mutilation . That doesnt make it right .
None of those countries have it either .
You should be happy with how Ramirez died seeing as you like gruesome painful executions . Cancer is far crueler than any execution method on the books .
No they wouldnt . People are executed i public regularly in Saudi Arabia and Iran . It has no effect .
Id rather have 1000 serial killers alive on death row than to execute one innocent person along with them . Until there is an infallible system there is no way I can support execution as it is irreversible . If they are found not guilty while in prison they can still be freed and have a chance at putting things back together . If they're dead - they cant and their families get nothing for the mistake .
As you know there were no lawyers for his victims . Thats a big part of why he was charged and tried . If we ( general we ) were to prevent him from having defence counsel and gave him a show trial and speedy execution we would be no better than him . Instead he was given a lot better than what he gave - and thats the way it should be . If we are going to stoop to his level then what was wrong with him doing it ? Its bad if he does it and ok if we do it ? Doesnt work that way .
As far as I'm aware , Eric Casseus was not sentenced to death - he actually faced 5-15 years in prison . He maintained his innocence as well .
I'm against the death penalty , but you know what ? When Saddam Hussein was in court demanding his lawyer , the only thing I could even say was " where were the lawyers of the 250,000 Kurds you mercilessly slaughtered , or the 150,000 Shiites ? What legal safeguards did you provide the Iranians and Kuwaitis as you rampaged through their countryside unprovoked , pillaging and murdering along the way ? " I say this as someone who opposes the Iraq War , both from the outset and in retrospect .
And Sudan . Sudan also has the death penalty . Yeah , not a list you'd like to be associated with .
Because murdering someone makes us no better than those who murder . You ever heard of the Troy Davies case btw ? Or even the case from Iran of a boy executed for manslaughter for a crime he committed when he was just 16 .
4 . Again , looking at the argument objectively instead of actually reading into what I am saying between the lines . If you put yourself in a situation where you might be killed , it is stupid , but it is not your fault if you die , it is not suicide , and furthermore it does not justify someone murdering you . If you could come up with a new argument with some substance that could morally justifying killing people that would be great .
1 . It's not an objective comparison , its showing up how shit your " It's always been that way so let's not change it " argument it . By your logic we should still be in the Stone age 2 . Come back to me when you can get a constitutional amendment that will ensure more innocents get executed and continue a practice most 1st world countries have abolished . 3 . So anyone who murders is a dog ? Your local veteran is a dog and should be put down ?
4th . Another lame comparison . You can't help where you live . You live where you can afford but if you go out and murder 10 people , I think everyone can agree that , that is something you have control over and that's the choice you made to break the law . Everyone can't be rehabilitated .
1st , comparing changing poverty to changing a sentence for people who have committed horrible crimes is lame . 2 . The death penalty is not what is expensive . It is the unlimited appeals process . There should be only one appeal and then that is it . Richard Ramirez was on death row so long he died of natural causes . That doesn't even make sense . 3rd . Yeah some humans are equal to dogs . You act like a wild animal you should be treated as such
Other countries also don't have the same violent crime we have here in America and your right a fetus is not a baby to me either but millions of people not only believe that but are fighting to make abortion illegal here in America . Give it some years and it might happen
Keeping those asshole's alive so they can kill an inmate that has a lesser sentance or worse a guard . Another person killed becuse this piece of shit did'nt get executed , another kid loses his father because dad was working a double shift at the prison , thats sounds pretty expensive to me . Plus I've seen the data , in the long run it's cheaper to execute them . Personally I think we are to humane about it . Execution's should be public and gruesome , then people will think twice b4 comiting murder !
First off your most likely a privileged person who has never seen a real hanus crime take place ! If you do your tune will change quick , trust me . Second by your little peace sign Im guessing you work at Starbuck's , you're a liberal , and you don't understand how much it cost's to keep some of these piece's of shit alive . It's just another cause for you to rally behind . Michigan was the first state to get rid of the death penalty and guess what , they want it back now . I wonder why ?
1 . Ok , so me living in a dangerous neighborhood with a high homicide rate is also suicide because I might get killed by a vagrant . No , the vagrant is still a murder . Similarly there is always a chance that the criminal won't be executed for one reason or another 2 . Are you saying that humans are equal to dogs ? 3 . It costs more to execute than to lock them up as the procedure for execution is long and expensive . 4 . Poverty has been around since the beginning of time . No point in changing it ?
They are not being '' murdered '' . Everyone knows their is a death penalty and when you go out and rape and kill children and receive it . . . well I consider that more a form of suicide than '' murder '' . It costs 35K - 40K to keep a death row inmate locked up . Why keep them alive ? We put dogs down for running wild . The same needs to be done for people The death penalty has been around since the beginning of time . No point in changing it now
Death penalty isn't an effective deterrent , look at the research and the numbers , and by murdering you are just as bad as the person who you are executing . Nuff said
Know what's weird ? I know democrats who believe in abortion but not the death penalty and Republicans who believe in the death penalty but not abortion . I believe in both and I think we should keep both .
Oh , and let me add , I'm not a democrat or republican . I'm an independent . * The death penalty always comes back to party lines that's why I added that
It's not outdated . Millions of people still believe in the death penalty . I stay in California and , while the numbers were tight , most people voted to keep it . I'm 25 and I support and believe in it . I know many young people who do
I'm against the death penalty because an innocent person might be killed .
If a person poses an immediate threat and the only way to stop them was by killing them then I'd say that is justified and not murder . If the person is killed after they are no longer a threat then I would call it murder .
Death Penalty = Easy way out . Simple .
Murdering and killing are not the same thing . Murder is an unlawful and premeditated killing of a human being by another . A kill , is the act of ending the life of someone . Would you consider a cop killing a criminal that's threatening your life a murderer ? Would you feel safe , living under a government that is not allowed to take someone who's trying to kill you down ? I don't think so .
The government already does murder people you dumb twat have you ever heard of the military ?
'' Murdering '' murderers . Breaks my heart . . . Those poor , poor murderers . It's right up there with the Genocide in Rwanda and 9/11 on the things that make me sad . Tragic
Civilized ? Have you seen the list of countries that have the death penalty compared to those that dont ? Iran , North Korea , Saudi Arabia , China , Pakistan , Vietnam , Congo and Cuba all have it . Those without , Canada , the entire European Union , Australia , New Zealand , Switzerland . I'll stick to the second list . Those countries also have a far lower murder rate than those with the death penalty . Its barbaric and useless .
Bullshit . I felt reasonably cared for when they locked up the guy . It didnt change my opinion on capital punishment at all . If they ever brought it back here Id strongly consider leaving . I refuse to live under and support a government that murders people .
Doubt it . They executed way more people when they were still doing that compared to today .
About 140 people were exonerated while on death row . If you killed them right away instead of allowing the appeals to take place the state would have the blood of 140 innocent people on their hands . Thats almost as many as Timothy McViegh killed .
Id rather have 1000 guilty serial killers alive in jail than to risk executing one innocent person along with them . We need a perfect justice system to prevent that . It doesnt exist right now and I dont imagine it ever will . If you compare the murder rates in places without the death penalty to those with it you will notice it had absolutely no deterrent effect . Oddly places with the death penalty have a higher murder rate generally .
Jerry's mug shot on this clip was from his time in Memphis when he was drunk and armed outside Graceland , yelling for Elvis to come outside .
Where did WALLFLOWERxiii get their information on Jerry Lee Lewis getting the death penalty for drug trafficking ? In 2012 he married his cousin's ex-wife and is living in Mississippi , not on death row . I can find very little to no information on his life of crime but what I have found is very disturbing , ie : killing grand jury witnesses , deputy sheriffs , police informants , etc . Why is this old " Killer " still free ?
Actually the death penalty costs more , way more . And states that don't have the death penalty consistently have lower murder rates than those that do . Not only is life without parole more of a deterrent , it's reversible if someone is later proven to be innocent .
We need the death penalty in every state . People care more about the criminals than they do about the victims . Getting rid of the death penalty is step one . Before you know it , people are going to be against violent criminals getting life in prison cause it's '' inhumane '' .
Was wondering what's the song " s name :)
I believe there is a place for a Death penalty . Some Crimes are so Heinous , so Horrible ; That the only responce that We as a CIVILIZED nation have is to " BRING THE MOTHERF ... R DOWN " . makes sense .
To my opinion , I'd suggest that Capital Punishment should be legalized .
the best part of this video was the song . <3 Radiohead
To those monsters , I say good riddance .
Yes , good , appeal to emotion , that'll prove your moral argument .
ok guy at 1:43 lol wtf is that about ? did he use the child as a shield , and the police shot the child ? or did they murder him just for using the child as a shield , and no one was hurt ? that would be pretty stupid if the police accidentally shot the child trying to shoot the robber . and all for what ... money ? money that the police officer has no involvement in ? money that would've been easily replaced by the bank rofl . good judgment call bro , thats why u make the big bucks .
Make special prisons for the most heinous of offenders . Not unlike Auchwitz-Birkenau or Treblinka . We have too many people making a life out of getting in jail , too many people loving a thug lifestyle and golifying crime . Give them enough to eat just so theyll starve slower , executions are carried out at random . See how many people will want to return after a 1 year sentence . 1 year . If they commit another crime and return . Life . Cheap , inexpensive and fair . Show them mercy ? Did they show mercy ?
Fine , moron , then you can pay for it .
They can get more drugs than on the street , probably .
If you are a sociopath , you feel NO pain . Get real .
Again , thank you for your common sense . Not all people are worthy of life .
Thank You !!
Thank you Chance for speaking your mind with common sense . I do not want these animals living next door to me or anyone else for that matter .
Where exactly did you find the eligibility for death penalty information ? I have searched for a little over a month and haven't been able to find it .
just be me .
If there is no doubt that the person deserves the death penalty then allow them to be murdered but don't do these pussy excutions that cost way to much money . Take them out back and shoot them in the head . Right after they get the death penalty . It is suppose to be used to detour people from doing these crimes if you are going to keep someone on death row for 20 plus years then it does no good . I don't understand are death penalty as it is now . It is a form of revenge not justice . But that may
PUSSYS ! MAKE THE DEATH PENALTY IN ALL 50 STATES﻿
so my question to everyone here is if someone kills someone close to you would you want that person to still be alive ? the answer is a a simple Yes or No﻿
Yes﻿
To people that are pro death penalty to me killing and murdering are practically the same thing , They both end in the same results a dead person . None are good and both are humane . If you kill the person that murdered you are no better than them﻿
* inhumane P
Another brainwashed leftist parroting nonsensical propaganda .
Every murderer should hang for their crime . Think the state shouldn't decide whether someone lives or dies ? Those murdering bastards certainly took it upon themselves to do so . Why can't we ? Think killing people for killing people is wrong ? Then how is any punishment moral ?! Think it's cruel ? Tell that to the families of children raped , tortured , and murdered by these animals . Firing squad , nitrogen asphyxiation , lethal injection , hanging , all these are more humane than the psychopaths they are used on . Think death penalty is uncivilized ? I would call letting killers live to kill more innocent people uncivilized . And why are prisons civilized ? It deprives your beloved criminals of their precious freedom ! ﻿
It's not a decision they are permitted to make . it is inhumane and cruel , and by just thinking that it is already to KILL does crimes you are sitting yourself up and making yourself worst that the crimes themself . tell me this what if the crime is innocent or would like to change in the near future ? ﻿
you did not give live so why take it .
Liberals also believe that ISIS must be destroyed , aka killed . How many people cheered when Osama bin Laden was killed ? It is a double standard to call for the abolishment of the death penalty and killing of ISIS . ﻿
Masculine men prefer the death penalty . Higher testosterone individuals tend to favour right-wing ideals , including nationalism and just punishments , whereas effete tend to favour softer values and solutions . ﻿
ABOLISH THE DEATH PENALTY ! ﻿
Fuck you . Go suck the dick of a murderer .
You are nothing but a PO : hankey : .
LOLOLO NO ! We are asking for the death penalty again in our state
I believe the death penalty should be a choice for all criminals serving a sentence of 10years or more for crimes such as ; tax evasion , treason , rape , paedophilia , child molestation , acts of terrorism , corruption , kidnapping and murder of the first degree . The method of execution should be as follows either , death by firing squad , death by lethal injection , death by beheading or by being hanged by the neck until dead . ﻿
I believe a person who takes the life of another with no remorse should not be given a chance , when the person they killed wasn't given that opportunity﻿
So many fucking idiots in the comments section , anyone else see the fundamental flaw in the concept of killing someone to demonstrate that killing is bad ? It's both barbaric and primitive to execute anyone , we're in the 21st century , not 10,000 BC , there's other ways to punish and deter . ﻿
Well I find it wrong to think that all life is equal . An innocent life is worth a lot more then that of a life of a murderer .
works better then oh no jimmy don't rape and murder again slaps wrist and sets fee and i have to agree with OMGUKILLKENNY2 , if they kill someone that means their " barbaric " so they should be treated that way . They don't respect life so why should i respect theirs ?
Is there any way that I can get the script or sub of this video ? ﻿
i agree with death penalty , i want rapists and killers should be killed ! i mean if u just keep them behind bars there just gonna break out again and start there rampage . ﻿
Newsflash . Many people executed were never guilty in the first place .
* cough 4% * cough or we could go back to the days where all you have to do is say witch and their dead . My facts from Stanford University ( Because I'm not a liberal basterd and find actual ligidament sourses ) ----> http://www.pnas.org/content/111/20/7230.abstract
yeah 4% , from what we know . you wouldn't want to be in that percentage and I'm sure you wouldn't want a friend or family member of yours to be in that one either . Abolish the barbaric death penalty . My arguments are based on facts , not opinion .
Yes that would be bad but what is even worse then that if a friend or family member was raped or killed and that person just gets a small slap on the wrist and gets set free and does it again . False execution is bad but I'll take it over letting criminals keep killing . I would rather one person die out of accident then someone kill 10 people and get away with it and kill more 10 > 1 even if that one is family because all of those 10 could be as well .
A lot of people are wrongful convicted﻿
I know right . Should we stop convicting people . Only idiotic liberals are against the death penalty .
if an innocent person is put to death and later on new evidence is found which proves they're innocent , they can't be released because they are dead
I understand what you are saying . But there are people who have spent their entire lives in jail and probably some who have died in there . Let's go hypothetical for a while . I'm sure you agree that someone like the Joker deserves the death penalty . Now there are criminals who view murder the same way he does . The death penalty should only be issues if it's proven beyond a doubt who the criminal is .
And most of them are useless niggers anyway .
A life for a life . The death penalty should only be for murderers , rapists , and child molesters . ﻿
If the trail cost is so expensive just put him or her in a room with no food or drink , that cost nothing﻿
It's not the execution cost , it's the trial of actually endicting the person of a crime worthy of capital punishment that is expensive .
I want to take this brief opportunity to piss off as many people as I can , from both sides , with this : The hardest thing about being a Christian is to obey the words of Christ : " Love thine enemy " and " Let he who is without sin cast the first stone " . ﻿
Idc your religion is a joke
So is the word " Johnson " . Consult the movie ' The Big Lebowski ' .
Why do people sympathize with murders and rapists ? It makes no sense to me . ﻿
I don't think anyone sympathises with them , but sometimes innocent people are wrongly convicted
Then let's fix that problem . DNA , video cameras , and confessions are what we should use for evidence , not eyewitnesses . I know people have been wrongly put to death , but getting rid of the death penalty entirely isn't the solution .
Because these people are morally bankcrupt . Just look at them . Pure filth .
That's why I stated that we should only rely on undeniable evidence . If the system is corrupt , stop their corruption . Don't ban the death penalty where they can still be corrupt . As for if he's poorly represented , there still needs to be solid proof of his crime . There are people out there that we know exactly what they've done and should be put to death . When there is a grey area , don't sentence a man to death .
what if the poor guy is poorly represented . What if the officers/juries were corrupted . There are a long list of things that could happen and take away an innocent life . I would rather lock up thousands of murderers and save this poor man . There is no way to prevent innocents getting killed as long as there is death penalty .
I support the death penalty but it should be only used on terrorists , spree killers , and serial killers . The best mode of execution is the electric chair . ﻿
a hanging is the best or a beheading
Capital punishment is wrong , nothing more than planned ritualistic murder , nothing more than modern day human sacrifice . when a weapon is used to destroy someone , the weapon has to be destroyed , and that should include the state that causes another murder to happen . The worst capital punishment is the executions carried by governments in public that are so subtle and secret it looks like an accident . ﻿
I'm totally in favor of the death penalty law . Death penalty is not murder , it is self defense , society has to defend itself against criminals , executed criminals will never murder again . I'm Italian living & working in Singapore , I love it in Singapore , I admire Singapore's discipline & strict death penalty law for criminals & drug traffickers ; as a result Singapore is a free drug society & has low crime rate . Death penalty is truly a deterrent to crime . I wish there was death penalty in Italy . Crimes are increasing in countries where there's no death penalty & where jails are like 1st class hotels﻿
Innocent people get convicted for crimes they did not commit
I don't think that's the case in Singapore .
Logic " let's murder someone because they murdered someone " ﻿
if your mother daughter sister or child were raped and brutally murdered I have a feeling some of these people would be singing a different tune﻿
What about people who are wrongfully convicted
* cough men , all a woman has to do is say rape and he is convicted without proof . and that's only 4% that actuly get the death sentence http://www.pnas.org/content/111/20/7230.full <-- from Stanford University
Do you think the people they killed died painlessly and peacefully ? NO so why so their death be painless and humane ? ﻿
02:07 I thought she was reporting news﻿
02:11 But EU sucks . Sweden Democrats 2016 . ﻿
02:11 But EU sucks ! Sweden Democrats 2018 !!! ﻿
I support the death penalty fuck the liberals﻿
Yes . ﻿
Oh really ? Barbaric are the ways that those who receive the Death Penalty MURDERED THEIR VICTIMS . They didn't give their victims the right to live . ﻿
the only humane way of executing someone is to convince them they where found innocent then you nuke them when they least expect it ... anything else is inhumane and unacceptable ... but then again so would randomly nuking places to kill them .... ﻿
we need to torture them first , i would like to see them fight to the death and that would be fun to watch﻿
0:54 - 1:00 YES SIR ! ﻿
The death penalty does not reduce crime rates . People who have committed heinous crimes often have people who love them , who haven't done anything wrong . Why should they lose their loved one ? The death penalty is outdated and barbaric . I'm surprised it's still even legal in a first world country like America . ﻿
The devil loves capital punishment and God hates it !!! Capital punishment is the work of the devil !!! ﻿
No !!!!! the death penalty is not a way of justice , life in prison is the right choice !!! Killing another person just makes the other person just as bad and if everyone believed in capital punishment then the family of the death row in inmates would want death row for the people who are doing the excursion and then it goes on and on and that is not justice that is violent and that is what the devil wants not God﻿
and the fact that these people care that these murderers or rapist are going through pain means they don't seem to care for the people they have killed and or terrified there entire life . ﻿
unless you are dumb or clearly have no fear you won't care but if death is your punishment then most people will think twice before creating a event where they know if they get caught there life will come to an end . people should already know this that if you don't want to get the death penalty you don't do something you know will put your life at stake and thats how simple it is . ﻿
the last comment in this video posed an interesting concept : -the relationship between progressivism , capital punishment , and secularism . My question is to those who would say they are secular in the sense of believing Darwinist/evolutionary theory & who DO NOT believe in capital punishment . -As a secularist in this sense , why is capital punishment wrong if it is merely a playing out of " survival of the fittest " ? ﻿
“ The State is not God . It has not the right to take away what it cannot restore when it wants to . ” ― Anton Chekhov﻿
Im having a hard time feeling sorry for those who have had botched lethal injections , did you kill your victim in a humane way ? ﻿
Exactly my thoughts . Those fuckers killed without mercy . Fuck humane executions , I wish we still fry'd those fuckers . If someone raped and killed your family member , do you really think they should continue to exist in this world ?
Not slightly surprised at a comment like that written by an ebony person .
They make them beg for death ? So they physically torture them or psychologically break them to the point of insanity ?
The only goddamn reason that executions are so expensive is be cause we worry too much about being " humane " so we came up with this expensive drug method . Once someone is dead they don't feel shit . Bullets and rope are cheap . ﻿
YES !!!! There should be a death penalty if u kill someone u should b killed y should the killer live while the victim or victims are dead it makes no sense & another thing that makes no sense is the ones that do get the death penalty they can sit on death row for yrs & the tax payers have to pay to keep them y not save some money & just kill them within weeks or months of there sentences ﻿
The law should always be stacked in favor of the innocent , including the wrongly accused . Sadly this means keeping some seriously fucked up parasites alive , because there is always a chance that a prisoner was indeed innocent , and this fact should trump all others . That is my take at least . ﻿
Can someone tell me why in america they have death row ? why do some people have to wait years on years to be killed ? i thought one of the main arguements for the death penalty was that it cost signlifcantly less﻿
There shouldn't be a debate over the DP . You either believe in killing people , or you don't . Also , if you do believe in killing , and you support the DP , then you are ok with killing the innocent as well . Innocent are executed for the privilege of getting revenge on the guilty . This is inevitable and irrefutable . ﻿
No ! Do you know why ? Because it's considered murder ﻿
my friend hates this video everyone in the comments hate him !!! ﻿
" No man , no problem " -Joseph Stalin﻿
Death penalty is such an ignorant response to crime . It does not do to solve a problem by suggesting the problem itself as a solution . It is teaching the people that it is okay for the government to do such things , but not for the people , which completely diminishes the point of the morality ' do not commit sins/crimes . ' ﻿
I don't understand why it has to be humane . The people who are given the death penalty probably didn't act humane ﻿
Reasons why I'm against the death penalty : A ) Innocent people are killed ( 5/100 on average in America ) B ) It's proven not to reduce crime in the area , so is not effective in preventing crime C ) Wheres the line drawn between life sentence and execution ( one brutal killing cutting a kid open vs 5 shootings which is worse ) D ) Ethnic minorities are more likely than whites to be executed for the same crime E ) Wealthy are less likely to get executed than the poor ( quality of lawyer should not determine life or death ) F ) ' Killing those who kill to teach them a lesson ' is hypocritical in itself G ) it's becomes a matter of revenge not justice H ) is more expensive﻿
I would also bring public shaming back ! Rapist , murderers , pedos , all get regular advertising like a McDonald's commercial . There's an App for that ! ﻿
Wish I was president , death row would be completely empty . Take them out back and a bullet to the back of the head . Keep the line moving ! I would put the word death really into the " death penalty " these sick monsters sit there for 20 or 30 years on taxpayers dimes . Our leaders don't care they don't pay for it . ﻿
3:26 Is it a coincidence that those who support death penalty mostly look just like mass murderers themselves ? ﻿
Every opposing person or group of the death penalty are those who have never had to come home to a empty child's bedroom or a cold lonely bed because there husband or wife was murdered by some monster . Put back on the streets for the government agenda of " population control " . I want these confused bias liberals to go speak to the mothers and families of these victims . I tell you what if any of these savages come near my family I have my own Death Penalty . ﻿
Of course you are leaving out the facts that there are times the Victims Families supported a Life Sentence over the Death Penalty .
Of course thats completely subjective and not my point troll . Stfu
The Death Penalty is a Government over reach of power . The Countries in Latin America punish Murderers the best they make sure they get theirs but those Countries unlike the U.S knows that using the Death Penalty is an abuse of Government power .
Simple behead them they have easy death and leave rest to Almighty ...... ﻿
If an individual does not have the right to kill someone then how can we extend a right we don't have to the government ? The only time it is okay to kill is in defense of ones own life . Also if we were to be attacked by another country , but we cease once they have fled our country . Not go over seas and pick fights . ﻿
Why do we kill people to show people that killing is bad ? Does not make any sense at all﻿
i think its should be the criminals rights to choose to either to kill himself or not . Not others﻿
European Union only cares about the rights of killers . ﻿
What about reintegrating them into the communities again like Finland , Sweden and Norway which have the lowest return criminals in the world . If I spent 20 years in jail and came out with a bunch of new technology I'd most likely not get a job then turn back to robbing people for survival . Where is Baltic states you are brought up with new tech , they teach you traits etc . ﻿
Death Penalty is natural punishment for murders ! ﻿
Death penalty is a YES . ﻿
The only reason the death penalty doesn't scare people in the west is because you sit around in a cell for years before they kill you . It should be you face a judge , and if he decides your guilty than immediately off with your head . If the punish was immediately following the guilty verdict you know darn well people would not commit crimes that they could get killed for . ﻿
The only reason why I'm against the death penalty is that there has been innocent(meaning new technology shows that they did not do it ) put to death . ﻿
It's amusing how people think the electric chair is inhumane compared to the current method , lethal injection . Brain death occurs almost instantly from the initial shock . No chemicals to measure , no recipes to screw up . One shock and done . The rest is to stop the heart , which is quite the tough little organ . That said , the death penalty has a place . It is more humane by its very nature than locking somebody in a cage , oftentimes alone , for decades on end . I know I'd rather take a bullet than sit in an eight by six box , alone , for fifty years or more . The death penalty and life without parole are the same punishment , one is just immeasurably more cruel . ﻿
Why do americans defend their government having the right to execute them whenever they see it fit ? ﻿
It seemed their was a higher portion of weirdos featured in this video then what society has . ﻿
hypoxia obviously﻿
Biased much , Vice ? ﻿
Why even bring this up ? Of course there should be a death penalty . Like they said you don't have the right to choose who lives and who dies , the government nor criminals . A life for a life seems just about fair tho . ﻿
Who the fuck are these people ? They think like children who have never seen the real world . It's also interesting that the people here were mostly against it when the opposite is true in the majority of america . ﻿
But , most of the World doesn't have the Death Penalty .
Like the UK ? Crime capital of Europe
why don't they take their organs to save other peoples lives . if you take a life you have to save many﻿
Molesters , Rapists , Serial Killers and War Criminals all should be punished . In a world that is ever so growing how can we be able to house and feed these people when they have not complied with our laws . Should we waste our tax paying dollars to incarcerate them !? I really don't think so . ﻿
Man kills 69 teenagers and stays 21 years in Norwegian hotel prison . He admits hes crimes and doesn't regret and rallies hes fans and talks about killing more people . That seems fair ? Some people , even some parents of the victims , said that he will feel bad inside and that's big enough punishment . Whoo let him go ! ﻿
Just look at the list which other countries also have death penalty ... USA did a good job again being on a list with North Korea and Saudi Arabia . BTW , the evil evil Russia doesnt have capital punishment .... But who cares about that , when you know whos the real evil , right ?.... ﻿
There are innocent people on death row , that's why I am against it . ﻿
I mean lethal injection can be a 50/50 chance why not go back to old school firing squads ? ﻿
Death Penalty isn't about barbarism or whatsoever . It's about giving the appropriate , and definitive , punishment to someone who commited a murder in cold blood . ﻿
I'm from Houston so you know my take on this but just like the Boston bomber I think he should root in jail ... The death penalty is an easy out although the waiting for it being on dead row much be brutal﻿
I don't favor the death penalty , but there are some people who do need to be escorted off this planet ASAP ! Like those two murderers who victimized the Petit Family in Connecticut . I hope those a**wipes are quickly eliminated . ﻿
I don't think the death penalty shoul be seen as a deterent because the people that deserve it probably won't care about it . I don't think it should be a go to but I definatly think there are special cases where it is right . If someone has raped children or murdered a lot of people then there is no use keeping them around . ﻿
In america the new and improved death penalty will be a cash cow for the private jails . Death penalty is for the lazy and greedy soon to be the greedy and lazy . We all know the decapitated human body can be kept alive with right equipment for an indefinite amount of time right ?. You would need a stockpile of stackable , storage , watertight containers ( fema coffins ? ) that could hold one body plus equipment . You know for the " freshness " factor in the organ harvesting (& other fluid an bits ) by the aging elites . Well I would hope its for organs and not just a handy dandy snack in a pack for something else ... ﻿
