1_148	America still in meidevil times﻿
1_152	what how to go back 200 years in time ?
1_170	The death penalty is a complete waste and should be abolished﻿
1_173	Heck yeah . Here in Texas , we don't even care if they're guilty before we execute them . There's been at least five in the last 20 years that we're almost certain were innocent . Michael Morton was on death row 25 years before they finally figured out the Williamson County prosecutor was a lying sack of shit hell bent on racking up convictions and let him go . If they'd had that express-lane thing , they could have just buried the truth along with Mr. Morton and nobody would been the wiser . We don't really go for " wise " all that much in Texas . Makes people feel funny . ﻿
1_174	I'd be for the death penalty if Justice were not simply a human and therefore ' erred system . Because some motherfuckers need to die . ﻿
1_184	against the death penalty myself . not for the normal reasons though . Basicly , I think putting someone to death is too easy on them . one quick needle and its painlessly over . I say keep em alive where we can properly punish them . Maybe send them to a prison famous for big guys named Bubba or something . We don't know if there is a afterlife to punish them for sure , but we sure as hell know we can punish them here .
1_194	A civilized society doesn't kill the insane or retarded . To brag about it , go to Iran .
1_209	I do not see what is so glorious about killing people ? When mistakes are made , it can not be undone . Why aren't corrupt politicians executed for allowing innocent people to be put to death ? They murdered an innocent person .
1_215	For what it worth , I am not in favor of capital punishment either . It stupid and barbaric , , believe it , or not .
1_216	That's dumb . .
1_218	not if you kill a incident person , which often happens .
1_219	let's see , so you don't care if capital punishment works , or not ? Or the fact that many incident people have been killed over the the years ? Your not thinking clearly at all .
1_220	You need to kill someone to show that killing a child is wrong ? If the United states is so smart , Why is your crime and murder rate so high . And Canada's is very low ? One more thing , why does the United States end up killing the wrong person so often ? Maybe Canada's not so dumb after all .
1_234	I too am tired of all these innocent people being murdered . Texas has killed countless people later proven to be innocent . I say we killed all the texans who not only indorse but pay for this to happen . I'm glad me and the Texans understand each other so well . Moronic hicks .
1_242	I can't speak for the others who are against the death penalty but the main reason I'm against it is because innocent people have been condemned to death , and watch the documentary " The Last Word " in which the man who was put to death got screwed over by the District Attorney in texas and the medical examiner who withheld and tampered with crucial evidence that could've saved the man's life , just so they could get a conviction . Death Penalty isn't foolproof .
1_245	Lock him up for life , so he can get raped by Bubba and his other butt buddies . So , every time he sits down , he'll think about why he's in there . He will wish he was dead .
1_247	, prosecution costs and other unavoidable costs and necessary legal protections ( that protect YOU as well ) that I'm too exhausted by your stupidity to tell you . You're too obtuse to argue with any further so I'm done with you , you imbecile .
1_249	These FACTS sound illogical to you because you don't know the meaning of reasoned thinking . If you " can't even begin to describe how﻿ illogical " it sounds then you're incapable of reasoned thought because those statements are an expression of studied fact . They sound illogical to you because you cannot grasp their self evident meaning . You probably don't understand what you just read here either ... so why did I even bother ? The last question was rhetorical ! ( Look it up in a dictionary . )
2_254	by killing the murderer u are only taking another person away from their family . how would u feel if one of your family members got the death penalty
2_258	I get where your coming from when you see these stuff you think some people need to die . But your wrong , it's no deterrent
2_260	Um if we keep them alive I don't see why we should kill them . If you didn't want that guy to reoffend don't release him . Life without parole exists you know . There's a middle way the question sin't should we release him or kill him
2_261	Ashraf just keep them in a cell their whole life ? if you think about it , thats a bigger punishment than death . Can you imagine being in the same cell for years ? Now I want your opinion , if a person killed 6 people and we sent him to life , but then after 10 into his sentance he shows signs of rehibilitation . Should we release him or hold him for the rest of his life ? In my opinion we should hold him for 10 more years and after that he would have parole .
2_262	Right . So he shouldn't get the death penalty case closed
2_264	I am against the death penalty . Is a legalized murder . It's revenge of the State . This law is immoral . ﻿
2_265	" Thou shall not kill " You're murdering someone when they're given the death penalty . Hypocrites . ﻿
2_266	Is there something wrong with the thinking that a person is taught that killing is wrong but the death penalty seems to justify ending a person's life . like how can the government say that killing is wrong and then go do the same thing . I don't understand . People tell me there is a difference between the definitions of murder and killing and it seems to be true but how different are the two if they end in the same result . I plan to write a paper about this one day , so please respond and let me know what you think . ﻿
2_268	except when it fails
2_270	Well it depends . Assuming he isn't mental or had an abusive background , and he was 100% doing this of his own will a life sentence of at least 20 years must be given . But is the serial killing was especially gruesome or towards children or elderly life imprisonment without parole could be a good option . ( That would be a bigger punishment than capital punishment , in fact in America an inmate killed his fellow inmate to ensure he got capital punishment )
2_272	`It isn't self-defence . With the death penalty you have them at your mercy and they can spend their life in prison ( which can be a bigger punishment ) but you chose to kill them
2_273	Fuck the death penalty ! ░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░▄▄▄▄█▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀██░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░▄███▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄█▄▄▄░░░░░░░ ▄▀▀░█░░░░▀█▄▀▄▀██████░▀█▄▀▄▀████▀░░░░░░░ █░░░█░░░░░░▀█▄█▄███▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░▀▀▄░░░░░ █░░░█░▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀░░░█░░░░ █░░░▀█░░█░░░░▄░░░░▄░░░░░▀███▀░░░░░░░█░░░ █░░░░█░░▀▄░░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█▀▄░░ ░▀▄▄▀░░░░░▀▀▄▄▄░░░░░░░▄▄▄▀░▀▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░█░░ ░█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░ ░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄██░░░░ ░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░▀█░░ █▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀█ █░░█▀▄ █▀▀ █▀█ █░░░░█░▄░█ █ ▀█▀ █░█░░█ ▀█▀░█ █░░█░█ █▀▀ █▀█ █░░░░▀▄▀▄▀ █ ░█░ █▀█░░█ ░█░░█ █░░▀▀░ ▀▀▀ ▀░▀ ▀▀▀░░░▀░▀░ ▀ ░▀░ ▀░▀░░▀ ░▀░░█﻿
2_274	I live in France where death penalty was abolished by Mitterand in 1981 along with homosexuality being considered as a medical illness . So glad . ﻿
2_277	What about hypocrisy ? " We're gonna show that murder is wrong by murdering people " . Great message there , guys . ﻿
2_280	Punishments are given so that the person being punished learns something from them . Death is final , so really ... death totally fails as a punishment . It's really only done so that people can feel some kind of sick satisfaction at another human's death .
2_281	dude I'm totally with you against Death Penalty ... I was talking to that other guy
2_283	There's no death penalty in Australia . Thank goodness . Hopefully America will soon follow . :) ﻿
2_284	I agree with your video i just wish there were sources to back yourself up﻿
2_287	The death penalty is murder . What gives us the right to take a life ? The Bible states " You shall not kill " there's no " unless " . I'm NOT in favor of the death penalty and never will be . Peace . ﻿
2_288	I'm so glad that we in europe are intelligent enough that there is ( excluding Belarus ) no country in europe that still has the death penalty ! It is clear that it is against the basic human rights and that is doesn't serve a purpose ! ﻿
2_290	Luckily Belarus dosen't even use it that much at all compared to America or other unintelligent countries
2_298	The only extreme left wing countries now are China , Cuba , Laos , and Vietnam . They all have the death penalty
2_302	Even without the risk of killing the wrong guy , I think it's wrong to kill somebody out of vengeance . It doesn't help bring any victim back , it shouldn't provide any satisfaction to victim's loved ones , and it doesn't make our society any safer . The lack of compassion people have for prisoners is astounding . The fact that a nation like the United States can't begin to make a push towards prison rehabilitation boggles the mind . ﻿
2_303	Like I said The death penalty is just vengeance wrapped up in a pretty bow and called justice Glad I live in the UK where it's abolished
2_306	Superman , no they are not the same thing , but murder is murder . Make them suffer for life in prison . Then the family will have justice , there will never be closure for their family whether the killer is killed or not . Some people are too eager to kill the killer , those ppl are idiots ! What if they killed an innocent person and find out years later it was someone else that murdered the victim ???!!! ﻿
2_308	The fact of the matter is that the death penalty is just illogical . Killing to show that killing is wrong just doesn't make sense . If your brother killed a person would you gladly support his execution to give his victims family closure , there is a flip side to every coin my friend
2_310	number 4 the government do WE DO TO END LIFE'S OF INNOCENT !! ﻿
2_311	One of my arguments is that death is a easy way to escape true punishment , as they be released from isolation and danger that will most likely happen in prisons . ﻿
2_313	I believe execution still exists , it's antiquated and barbaric . No , I don't condone the practice . ﻿
2_314	Number 1 is exactly why the death penalty shouldn't be legal ! When someone is wrongfully executed for a crime they did not commit , it is everyone's responsibility to pay for the error and look for the real killer ! Don't make accusations or jump to conclusions until all the facts are in ! ﻿
2_318	I am against at all costs . ﻿
2_320	Did you ever hear of a Life Sentence ?
2_323	Over here in Hong Kong we don't have death penalty fortunately . ﻿
2_333	The government kills people who kill people , because killing people is bad . LOGIC﻿
2_336	Killing people to show that killing is wrong is just illogical Personally I don't want to believe that I would be happier having known that another human has been killed . No matter what they've done . It's just wrath and vengeance wrapped up in a pretty bow and called justice
2_343	Generally , I am against the death penalty . I understand why people are for it , but I feel that it is hypocritical to kill someone for killing someone . I might feel differently if someone I loved was murdered , but hopefully I never have to find out . ﻿
2_345	just cut their hands off then they will feel the pain of stealing or murder﻿
2_347	If someone killed someone I love of course I would want the mother fucker to die but that's why it's not up to me there's a process which is so often is flawed . If the wrong person is killed then that's murder .
2_363	How about this ' all life is holy ' thing that anti-abortion people use ? ﻿
2_371	Death penalty to the death penalty ! ﻿
3_400	Why would the death penalty deter someone who thinks that they will not be caught ? ﻿
3_401	It's a deterrent It objectively isn't . Your position is invalid . USA executes loads of criminals yet it's homicide rate is one of the highest of all developed nations . ﻿
3_407	If someone is found to be innocent then they can be released and compensated . Capital punishment is final , you can't give an innocent their life back once you've fucking killed them .
3_415	Yeah again your entire argument is just revenge which has other than to make the family of the dead . " Less angry " . Oh lol I still love how you made up that 88% statistic lol . Because in truth or scientific data goes against you . You just cannot accept it ..
3_423	Society is just a group of people who are required to abide by a set of rules . Those who don't wish to abide by these rules and break them are simply just removed from this society and taken to a place called jail . I don't understand what more their is to discuss or why you need to make it anymore complicated . Those who support the death penalty state that it acts as a deterrent ! Well , if you want a deterrent then why not just use torture as the punishment for the crime . ﻿
3_424	I am against the death penalty . Is a legalized murder . It's revenge of the State . This law is immoral . ﻿
3_426	The Burden of Proof Priti Patel is referring to in this video is Beyond the shadow of a doubt is the strictest standard of proof . It requires that there be no doubt as to the issue . Widely considered an impossible standard , a situation stemming from the nature of knowledge itself , it is valuable to mention only as a comment on the fact that evidence in a court never need ( nor can ) reach this level . This phrase , has , nonetheless , come to be associated with the law in popular culture . ﻿
3_427	Anybody who supports this is either a moron or very ignorant . ﻿
3_437	I'm not dismissing the Old Testament . Like I've said before ' Thou shall not kill ' . Why is it that this particular Commandment can be bent but one such as ' Thou shall not commit adultery ' can't ? Pardon me , but I think it more immoral for someone to kill someone ( whether it be the state or not ) than if they gossiped a little bit ( Thou shall not bear false witness ) but seeing as so many Christians tend to bend the Bible to their own liking and to fit their agenda ( Westboro Baptist Church for example ) it's little wonder that in certain places , say certain American states , you can still be jailed for " Sodomy " but you're okay to get the lethal injection .
3_442	Conservatives should be made to watch " Making a murderer " on netflix . ABSOLUTE PROOF will never exist
3_443	True , or just watch Minority Report , even Tom Cruise knows , that's how obvious it is .
3_448	Priti Patel is thick . If capital punishment was a deterrent then nobody would have been executed .
3_450	Murdering in order to show intolarance of murder ... hmmmm . ﻿
3_460	The conservatives make me sick . ' They choose to commit the crimes ' . What about mental illnesses ? Oh wait , sorry I forgot that the conservative don't care about mental health . All they care about is money , they don't give a shit about what the British people want . I can't help but ask myself : WTF is wrong with people ? Why would you vote for these money grabbing honkeys ? ﻿
3_464	So much ignorance about mental illness during this debate . ' It makes them think twice . ' Really ? How about you think twice why these people do these things in the first place . It's not on a whim just because you want to do something horrible to another person . What about if they're high on drugs or mentally ill . To say it's a deterrent is the most staggeringly ignorant thing you can possibly say on this subject . ﻿
3_469	I'm against the death penalty for many reasons . First , it doesn't get to the root of them problem and fix the causes that compel them to a crime . Second , if the threat of going to jail doesn't deter someone from a crime , then how would the threat of killing them be any more effective . Third , it's possible for people to be killed who have never committed the crime . But most importantly , it sends the wrong message . It says " It's not okay for you as a citizen to kill someone , but it's okay for the government to kill you . " ﻿
3_472	Priti Patel is a plonker . The US has almost four times the murder rate of the UK . Does the death penalty act as a deterrent there ? ﻿
3_477	Death penalty is a thing of the dark ages . ﻿
3_481	Priti Patel MP would change her tune if it was someone she knew/loved who was sentenced to death . Not only is the death penalty not a deterent , it is an hipocrisy . Families of murder victims have been found to be disatisfied after the execution of the perpetrator - no matter how much they wanted it - because there is nowhere left to direct their anger . ﻿
3_485	Considering that untouchable politicians have skeletons in their closests as well as the endless controversy surrounding westminster , I for one don't feel confortable or 100% confident with who they choose who gets to live and who gets to die . ﻿
3_487	Rather ironically the only person i would approve for capital punishment is priti patel . ﻿
3_490	It worries me that we elect people like Priti Patel . She bases her support of capital punishment on a deterrent effect . She needs to familiarise herself with facts . There is a massive amount of evidence to suggest that it does not have any deterrent effect . ﻿
3_492	I see common sense isn't your strongest suit . So by your logic , the UK and Europe would have higher murder rates than America . Looking at it in another way , by your logic ( and please give evidence ) would you say that seeing as Texas puts the most people to death , are you saying therefore that it has the lowest murder rates in the U.S. ?
3_495	The state murdering it's own citizens is a long slippery and dangerous road to go down . ﻿
3_496	In my country of Canada , the last executions were over 50 years ago . Capital punishment is barbaric . ﻿
3_502	1 ) it's not a deterrent 2 ) 3 ) It doesn't help clear prisons , because the long legal battle after the sentence keeps prisoners on death row for a long time 4 ) it is always possible to KILL AN INNOCENT PERSON under this justice system How anybody can support it is completely beyond me ! To think this woman has a position in the cabinet now is terrifying ! ﻿
3_511	Bloody hell . This woman's a monster . ﻿
3_513	But that's his point isn't it , that she is as monstrous as the murderers themselves as she's really , advocating a different type of murder .
3_517	It's scary that she's the DWP minister now . Capital punishment as a deterrent ? Very dangerous thinking indeed . Could turn a crime of passion , for instance , into several more crimes of desperation . Thoughtless input from the wicked tory battleaxe . ﻿
3_520	I don't understand the death penalty , surely it is the easy way out for criminals because if they are dead then they won't be around to suffer for their crimes and receive a punishment . I also don't think it would prevent anyone from committing a crime worthy of capital punishment as they would most likely happen out of anger and so they will not think or even care about the consequences at the time . ﻿
3_524	If you support the death penalty you also ( intentionally or not ) support the execution of innocent people . Justify that . What if you find yourself on death row for a crime you didn't commit are you going to say " Oh well , at least they're right most of the time , I'm a worthy sacrifice " ﻿
3_530	The utter stupidity and willful ignorance of Priti and other death penalty advocates is just staggering . They throw out nonsense that has no scientific basis , like claiming it works as a deterrent , nor has any common sense basis since the most heinous crimes where you would apply it to are done out of sheer irrational rage or mental instability or by socio/psyhcopaths . Anybody who thinks somebody rapes and murders a child or slices a human being in pieces to eat it is rational and if only he wouldn't risk prison but the death penalty , then he wouldn't do it , probably needs some psychological evaluation themselves .. ﻿
3_531	state sponsored murder is still murder , you might think you can justify it , but you can not , no justice system is 100 accurate , miscarriages will happen , you are the monster you deny . the death penalty is an act of a tyrant . a true Justice system should be about justice never revenge .
3_534	DNA isn't 100% accurate and can get contaminated .
3_535	There is no need for the death penalty in England . You only have what ? 800 murders a year ? Just lock them up for life so that they cant kill again . That way , if there has been a miscarriage of justice at least no innocent person has died . In any case , we need murders , natural disasters , suicides , wars , diseases etc otherwise the world would be overpopulated by now . ﻿
3_537	Except that many countries without the death penalty have lower murder rates than ones that do . There's really no evidence that it deters crime . Multiple studies have shown this .
3_541	Fact is the . It does not reduce crime rates what so ever , do you think the average person is likely to rape , beat or murder someone ? Those are people who do it in the heat of the moment ( anger ) , under the influence of drugs/alcohol or suffer from mental illnesses . ﻿
3_543	Priti Patel view is ; -'shot first , ask questions when the flies start taking interest ' As for crime , we have a deterrent , its called the Prison , and that rarely works . The justice system is run by humans , judges are human , lawyers are often sub-human , and the justice system gets it wrong , sometimes terribly , and the guilty walk . We only need to look at our political and corporate elite to see that . ﻿
3_546	It is obvious that no moral argument is going to sway the hangers , floggers , and bashers , so perhaps change of tack is needed ? I propose , that the names and addresses of Death Penalty supporters be kept in a register , and should it be reinstated , every time an innocent person gets the chop , a dozen or so randomly selected people on this list should be forced to meet the victim's family face-to-face , negotiate a price for the victim's life , and compensate them with the agreed amount out of their own pockets . What's the betting that as soon as money is involved , all of a sudden they will acquire some principles , and life imprisonment will be the preferred option ? ﻿
3_547	Why do people murder ? For profit- so they know the risks involved . In passion- done without aforethought . Or by compulsion- so it cannot be controlled . None of these reasons would be at all affected by a ' deterrent ' . ﻿
3_549	I think life in solitary is actually worse . Whether you believe in an afterlife or not , years of boredom first is a good punishment .
3_551	Calm down , it's only an idea . I don't believe in the death penalty anyway so that's the alternative .
3_557	piri patel , what a disgusting person , hope when someone she loves faces a death penalty say in Pakistan she changes her tune , ﻿
3_564	Pitel's fear mongering is the same type of platitudes voiced by the American conservatives who favor capital punishment . If it worked as a " deterrent " Texas which has the highest number of executions would have the least number of murders . Yet it has some of the highest numbers violent crime and murder in the entire US . As an American I wish we would abolish a nonsensical law based not on jurisprudence but on a primordial sense of vengeance . ﻿
3_569	And if one of your children was convicted and put on death row ....
3_571	Obviously , Patel wants the death penalty back , as a lobbyist for tobacco companies , she likes dealing out death . ﻿
3_572	The only people in favour of the death penalty are these hardballing , yuppie types who think they're too clever by half . A little knowledge is a dangerous thing .. how can you show someone , who dismisses anything they don't agree with , the error of their ways ? Ignorance is bliss . ﻿
3_576	" if you kill a shithead you should get the world's applause . " If you believe that then why don't you put it into practice and kill yourself ?
3_578	Very well put , and I'd like to add my pov : 1 ) Every kill/murder should obviously never be met with equal terms ; gangster killing gangster vs . anyone killling child etc 2 ) Adding to above , even if you get thrown in Death Row there should be about 1 hour beating with real physical harm before the fact . 3 ) My final option is : no death penalty for anyone , but that beating I mentioned already and then absolute incarcerated sentence ( to every criminal ) WITH possibility of suicide any given time ( ever-present cyanide capsule or sotn )
4_582	if one day , I have a choice between saving the life of a death row inmate or yours , I'll choose the first one . There's any hope left for him or her on becoming a useful person .
4_587	I feel sorry for people supporting death penalty . In the best case , their lifes are filled with hate and bitterness . In the worst case , their souls are dead too . ﻿
4_592	I don't believe in the death penalty actually Not because of all that liberal bull shit But because its to humane If my mother was murdered by some psycho Ide torture the shit out of them if i had the chance And then ide kill them ﻿
4_593	We will kill the innocent peopled so the murderers can't good advice﻿
4_596	The death penalty for those who support it . ﻿
4_601	Life in prison without possibility of parole , is worse punishment than death for those that don't believe in anything beyond this life . But the fact that there've been many innocent people exonerated that are on death row destroys the entire justification for the death penalty . If just ONE innocent person is put to death the entire system is morally reprehensible . The FBI just he classified how their hair analysis was flawed in many convictions we're based on erroneous data . Anyone who you would think be eligible for the death penalty give them life without the possibility of parole(unless further evidence exonerates them ) and you have done the the victims family Justice .
4_604	An eye for an eye makes the world go blind -Ghandi
4_605	ahah a pro-Death penalty video posted by " All you need is love . " ... Am I the only one to see the irony ? ﻿
4_606	if OBONGO supports it then it must be something fishy about it ! No death penalty ! ﻿
4_607	This video disgusts me , you're trying to manipulate people into thinking that the death penalty is good by showing these violent criminals and innocent victims . You can't show some actual facts about why the death penalty is good , instead you have to put up some music in the background and show criminals and victims hoping your viewers will sniffle up . Give me a break . ﻿
4_608	Look , I'm not criticizing the penalty ( though I don't agree with it ) , I'm criticizing the video . She presents no arguments whatsoever , no statistics , or solid proof that the death penalty is a good thing . Again , I wasn't criticizing what she thinks , I was criticizing the video .
4_616	hi i'm retarded ( or just conservative ) and i hate the government and think they can't do anything right ... except kill people
4_617	So you think putting them out of their Missuri is going to be worse than being stuck in a cage for the rest of your lifetime with horrible food btw
4_621	Then you should die today .
4_623	I see US still live in the dark age and I hope the death penalty will be abolished . ﻿
4_629	Death to the death penalty . ﻿
4_631	People say that murder is wrong but isnt death penalty murder and people also say if you do something back to someone your no better than them﻿
4_636	An eye for an eye is a sentence from the bible which even Jesus revoke !!! And I am not religios , but this should mean something .. don't you think ... BAN THE DEATH PENALTY !!!
4_637	Seeing the pictures of the victims hurts me .... but we have no right at all to take the life of somebody even if he done such horrible things ! Because the death penalty is inhuman and yes all those murderer and rapists are human and should be treat like that otherwise we wouldn't be better than tthem and thi is what makes a democracy !! BAN THE DEATH PENALTY !!!!!!!!!
4_639	What gives you the impression that I'm against providing Saddam a lawyer ? I was just commenting on his audacity and inability to sympathize with anyone else . I completely and 100% agree with you , which also happens to be one of the biggest reasons I'm opposed to the death penalty . An eye for an eye is the basest of human instincts , and not something to be glorified in today's world .
4_640	In self defence I have no problem with it . When the person is unarmed , in custody and no longer a threat then I would and do have a problem with it .
4_641	Yeah , generally people who are armed and shooting at them . I see no problem with killing in that situation . When the person is unarmed and no longer a threat - then no .
4_643	I refuse to go down to their level . Killing them would do that .
4_644	Millions of people believe in honour killings and genital mutilation . That doesnt make it right .
4_647	No they wouldnt . People are executed i public regularly in Saudi Arabia and Iran . It has no effect .
4_648	Id rather have 1000 serial killers alive on death row than to execute one innocent person along with them . Until there is an infallible system there is no way I can support execution as it is irreversible . If they are found not guilty while in prison they can still be freed and have a chance at putting things back together . If they're dead - they cant and their families get nothing for the mistake .
4_649	As you know there were no lawyers for his victims . Thats a big part of why he was charged and tried . If we ( general we ) were to prevent him from having defence counsel and gave him a show trial and speedy execution we would be no better than him . Instead he was given a lot better than what he gave - and thats the way it should be . If we are going to stoop to his level then what was wrong with him doing it ? Its bad if he does it and ok if we do it ? Doesnt work that way .
4_651	I'm against the death penalty , but you know what ? When Saddam Hussein was in court demanding his lawyer , the only thing I could even say was " where were the lawyers of the 250,000 Kurds you mercilessly slaughtered , or the 150,000 Shiites ? What legal safeguards did you provide the Iranians and Kuwaitis as you rampaged through their countryside unprovoked , pillaging and murdering along the way ? " I say this as someone who opposes the Iraq War , both from the outset and in retrospect .
4_652	And Sudan . Sudan also has the death penalty . Yeah , not a list you'd like to be associated with .
4_653	Because murdering someone makes us no better than those who murder . You ever heard of the Troy Davies case btw ? Or even the case from Iran of a boy executed for manslaughter for a crime he committed when he was just 16 .
4_654	4 . Again , looking at the argument objectively instead of actually reading into what I am saying between the lines . If you put yourself in a situation where you might be killed , it is stupid , but it is not your fault if you die , it is not suicide , and furthermore it does not justify someone murdering you . If you could come up with a new argument with some substance that could morally justifying killing people that would be great .
4_655	1 . It's not an objective comparison , its showing up how shit your " It's always been that way so let's not change it " argument it . By your logic we should still be in the Stone age 2 . Come back to me when you can get a constitutional amendment that will ensure more innocents get executed and continue a practice most 1st world countries have abolished . 3 . So anyone who murders is a dog ? Your local veteran is a dog and should be put down ?
4_661	1 . Ok , so me living in a dangerous neighborhood with a high homicide rate is also suicide because I might get killed by a vagrant . No , the vagrant is still a murder . Similarly there is always a chance that the criminal won't be executed for one reason or another 2 . Are you saying that humans are equal to dogs ? 3 . . 4 . Poverty has been around since the beginning of time . No point in changing it ?
4_663	Death penalty isn't an effective deterrent , look at the research and the numbers , and by murdering you are just as bad as the person who you are executing . Nuff said
4_667	I'm against the death penalty because an innocent person might be killed .
4_668	If a person poses an immediate threat and the only way to stop them was by killing them then I'd say that is justified and not murder . If the person is killed after they are no longer a threat then I would call it murder .
4_673	Civilized ? Have you seen the list of countries that have the death penalty compared to those that dont ? Iran , North Korea , Saudi Arabia , China , Pakistan , Vietnam , Congo and Cuba all have it . Those without , Canada , the entire European Union , Australia , New Zealand , Switzerland . I'll stick to the second list . Those countries also have a far lower murder rate than those with the death penalty . Its barbaric and useless .
4_674	Bullshit . I felt reasonably cared for when they locked up the guy . It didnt change my opinion on capital punishment at all . If they ever brought it back here Id strongly consider leaving . I refuse to live under and support a government that murders people .
4_675	Doubt it . They executed way more people when they were still doing that compared to today .
4_676	About 140 people were exonerated while on death row . If you killed them right away instead of allowing the appeals to take place the state would have the blood of 140 innocent people on their hands . Thats almost as many as Timothy McViegh killed .
4_677	Id rather have 1000 guilty serial killers alive in jail than to risk executing one innocent person along with them . We need a perfect justice system to prevent that . It doesnt exist right now and I dont imagine it ever will . If you compare the murder rates in places without the death penalty to those with it you will notice it had absolutely no deterrent effect . Oddly places with the death penalty have a higher murder rate generally .
4_680	Actually And states that don't have the death penalty consistently have lower murder rates than those that do . Not only is life without parole more of a deterrent , it's reversible if someone is later proven to be innocent .
5_702	To people that are pro death penalty to me killing and murdering are practically the same thing , They both end in the same results a dead person . None are good and both are humane . If you kill the person that murdered you are no better than them﻿
5_706	It's not a decision they are permitted to make . it is inhumane and cruel , and by just thinking that it is already to KILL does crimes you are sitting yourself up and making yourself worst that the crimes themself . tell me this what if the crime is innocent or would like to change in the near future ? ﻿
5_707	you did not give live so why take it .
5_710	ABOLISH THE DEATH PENALTY ! ﻿
5_712	You are nothing but a PO : hankey : .
5_716	So many fucking idiots in the comments section , anyone else see the fundamental flaw in the concept of killing someone to demonstrate that killing is bad ? It's both barbaric and primitive to execute anyone , we're in the 21st century , not 10,000 BC , there's other ways to punish and deter . ﻿
5_721	Newsflash . Many people executed were never guilty in the first place .
5_723	yeah 4% , from what we know . you wouldn't want to be in that percentage and I'm sure you wouldn't want a friend or family member of yours to be in that one either . Abolish the barbaric death penalty . My arguments are based on facts , not opinion .
5_725	A lot of people are wrongful convicted﻿
5_727	if an innocent person is put to death and later on new evidence is found which proves they're innocent , they can't be released because they are dead
5_737	I don't think anyone sympathises with them , but sometimes innocent people are wrongly convicted
5_741	what if the poor guy is poorly represented . What if the officers/juries were corrupted . There are a long list of things that could happen and take away an innocent life . I would rather lock up thousands of murderers and save this poor man . There is no way to prevent innocents getting killed as long as there is death penalty .
5_744	Capital punishment is wrong , nothing more than planned ritualistic murder , nothing more than modern day human sacrifice . when a weapon is used to destroy someone , the weapon has to be destroyed , and that should include the state that causes another murder to happen . The worst capital punishment is the executions carried by governments in public that are so subtle and secret it looks like an accident . ﻿
5_746	Innocent people get convicted for crimes they did not commit
5_748	Logic " let's murder someone because they murdered someone " ﻿
5_750	What about people who are wrongfully convicted
5_762	The death penalty does not reduce crime rates . People who have committed heinous crimes often have people who love them , who haven't done anything wrong . Why should they lose their loved one ? The death penalty is outdated and barbaric . I'm surprised it's still even legal in a first world country like America . ﻿
5_763	The devil loves capital punishment and God hates it !!! Capital punishment is the work of the devil !!! ﻿
5_764	No !!!!! the death penalty is not a way of justice , life in prison is the right choice !!! Killing another person just makes the other person just as bad and if everyone believed in capital punishment then the family of the death row in inmates would want death row for the people who are doing the excursion and then it goes on and on and that is not justice that is violent and that is what the devil wants not God﻿
5_768	“ The State is not God . It has not the right to take away what it cannot restore when it wants to . ” ― Anton Chekhov﻿
5_775	The law should always be stacked in favor of the innocent , including the wrongly accused . Sadly this means keeping some seriously fucked up parasites alive , because there is always a chance that a prisoner was indeed innocent , and this fact should trump all others . That is my take at least . ﻿
5_776	Can someone tell me why in america they have death row ? why do some people have to wait years on years to be killed ? i thought one of the main arguements for the
5_778	No ! Do you know why ? Because it's considered murder ﻿
5_781	Death penalty is such an ignorant response to crime . It does not do to solve a problem by suggesting the problem itself as a solution . It is teaching the people that it is okay for the government to do such things , but not for the people , which completely diminishes the point of the morality ' do not commit sins/crimes . ' ﻿
5_783	Reasons why I'm against the death penalty : A ) Innocent people are killed ( 5/100 on average in America ) B ) It's proven not to reduce crime in the area , so is not effective in preventing crime C ) Wheres the line drawn between life sentence and execution ( one brutal killing cutting a kid open vs 5 shootings which is worse ) D ) Ethnic minorities are more likely than whites to be executed for the same crime E ) Wealthy are less likely to get executed than the poor ( quality of lawyer should not determine life or death ) F ) ' Killing those who kill to teach them a lesson ' is hypocritical in itself G ) it's becomes a matter of revenge not justice H )
5_786	3:26 Is it a coincidence that those who support death penalty mostly look just like mass murderers themselves ? ﻿
5_788	Of course you are leaving out the facts that there are times the Victims Families supported a Life Sentence over the Death Penalty .
5_790	The Death Penalty is a Government over reach of power . The Countries in Latin America punish Murderers the best they make sure they get theirs but those Countries unlike the U.S knows that using the Death Penalty is an abuse of Government power .
5_792	If an individual does not have the right to kill someone then how can we extend a right we don't have to the government ? The only time it is okay to kill is in defense of ones own life . Also if we were to be attacked by another country , but we cease once they have fled our country . Not go over seas and pick fights . ﻿
5_793	Why do we kill people to show people that killing is bad ? Does not make any sense at all﻿
5_794	i think its should be the criminals rights to choose to either to kill himself or not . Not others﻿
5_796	What about reintegrating them into the communities again like Finland , Sweden and Norway which have the lowest return criminals in the world . If I spent 20 years in jail and came out with a bunch of new technology I'd most likely not get a job then turn back to robbing people for survival . Where is Baltic states you are brought up with new tech , they teach you traits etc . ﻿
5_800	The only reason why I'm against the death penalty is that there has been innocent(meaning new technology shows that they did not do it ) put to death . ﻿
5_802	Why do americans defend their government having the right to execute them whenever they see it fit ? ﻿
5_808	But , most of the World doesn't have the Death Penalty .
5_813	Just look at the list which other countries also have death penalty ... USA did a good job again being on a list with North Korea and Saudi Arabia . BTW , the evil evil Russia doesnt have capital punishment .... But who cares about that , when you know whos the real evil , right ?.... ﻿
5_814	There are innocent people on death row , that's why I am against it . ﻿
5_817	I'm from Houston so you know my take on this but just like the Boston bomber I think he should root in jail ... The death penalty is an easy out although the waiting for it being on dead row much be brutal﻿
5_818	I don't favor the death penalty , but there are some people who do need to be escorted off this planet ASAP ! Like those two murderers who victimized the Petit Family in Connecticut . I hope those a**wipes are quickly eliminated . ﻿
