Every race has experienced racism.	Historically in the United States there has been discrimination.	Black lives matter is important.	The Black Lives Matter movement encourages racial hate.	Black Lives Matter
The world needs to know that blacks are also humans.	Blacks should be regarded.	Black lives matter calls for violence against police.	All white people are racist because of their privilege.	Black Lives Matter
Police racial profiling reduces minorities to the status of second class citizens.	We can all make a better world if we work together.	Discrimination is really bad.	All people are equal regardless of their race.	Black Lives Matter
Being racist should be fined.	Many paople is being discriminated by the legal system.	This issues comprises issues of racial profiling.	Discrimination in the usa is a serious issue and needs to be addressed.	Black Lives Matter
Racial discrimination should not be tolerated.	This issues comprises issues of racial profiling and police brutality.	Peaceful protesting is more productive than violent rallies.	Racial discrimination must be attacked with apprehension.	Black Lives Matter
There is such thing as racial profiling.	The population is not out to get black people.	All races do not have equal access to resources and opportunities.	Racial equality is necessary.	Black Lives Matter
Black should not maltreated.	Black people blame everything on their race.	Non white individuals should be treated the same as white.	Discrimination against black people still exists.	Black Lives Matter
Police profiling is wrong.	Discrimination occurs among people of various race, gender and religion.	Although it has declined African Americans are still mistreated.	Black people are humans too.	Black Lives Matter
The us government must try to treat everyone equally.	Most crime against blacks is not from the police.	Racists should be sentenced to jail terms.	Environment inequality still exists for black communities forced to live near chemical plants.	Black Lives Matter
Racial profiling disparages those it effects.	Discrimination with blacks causes degredation of one's self.	Every one has the same rights.	The world would be safer without black people.	Black Lives Matter
Racial inequality does not only discriminate against one race.	Not all people are equal.	Black people still make up a disproportionate share of the prison community.	What is worse that blacks themselves are falling into racism too.	Black Lives Matter
Black lives matter is taken seriously in the US.	Not all races in the usa have equal rights like they should.	The legal system needs to punish cops that take advantage of their position.	Blacks are the scum of society.	Black Lives Matter
People in any profession can be racist.	Individual instances of discrimination.	Skin color is not important.	Black people are not inferior and need to stop thinking that way.	Black Lives Matter
Everyone is equal.	We must maximize campaigns against racism.	The country has already done enough to achieve racial equality.	There must be respect for all races.	Black Lives Matter
Racial equality is a must.	Racists should be punished.	All humans are equal, no matter their race.	No lives should be lost.	Black Lives Matter
The cops should be forced to stop.	This country has done nothing to achieve racial equality.	The US is not only for white people.	Black people cannot be racist because they aren't in a position of power.	Black Lives Matter
The USA has worked hard enough to fight racial inequality.	White people are also sometimes victims of police brutality.	Everybody's life matters.	Black lives matter doesn't care about black lives.	Black Lives Matter
Let everyone live.	Discrimination must be severely penalized.	Rather then just focusing on black people all races need to be treated equal.	The police looks for blacks to be thieves.	Black Lives Matter
The government needs to do more to stop racism.	Blacks are creative.	All men are created equal.	Racial profiling is bad.	Black Lives Matter
Police need to be educated on profiling and deescalation techniques.	This country is equal despite what black people want to believe.	All races have an equal access to resources.	All lives matter.	Black Lives Matter
The electoral college is suspect.	Police racial profiling reduces minorities to negative stereotypes.	Blacks should be respected.	Any abuse is not acceptable.	Black Lives Matter
More importance should be placed on blacks.	Black people don't matter any more than anybody else.	Racism is out of date.	All people are good.	Black Lives Matter
Both black and white people need to treat authorities with respect.	Not every issue is a race issue and many races face discrimination.	We are all equal and deserve to be treated as such.	Every human is equal.	Black Lives Matter
Black opinions matter.	Black people are as human as white people.	All people are the same regardless of race.	Blacks too must be given priveledges with whites.	Black Lives Matter
Black lives matter activists are also racist.	Everyone should have access to financial success, regardless of skin color.	The greater inequality in a smaller society is the democratic quality of its institutions.	People of color are more likely to be born into poverty.	Black Lives Matter
Individual instances of discrimination are a bigger concern than discrimination against black people.	Lots of innocently killed blacks have been kids lately.	Black people have the same rights as whites.	Racial profiling has gotten better.	Black Lives Matter
All cases of discrimination are important, but racial discrimination must be addressed primarily.	Racism should be fought.	Black people complain too much.	Martin luther king suffered in the flesh this kind of discrimination.	Black Lives Matter
It would take 40 years for white people to kill as many black people as blacks have killed.	Racial profiling affects minorities.	The black lives matter movement is blown out of proportion.	Equality for all is a matter of human rights.	Black Lives Matter
People should be treated equally regardless of the skin color.	Government should enforced severe punishment against racial profiling.	Racial discrimination reveals the social backwardness of a society.	Police racial profiling reduces minorities.	Black Lives Matter
All people should be treated equally regardless of race and color of the skin.	Black lives matter is based on a flawed premise.	Black Lives Matter are too violent.	People should not be discriminated for their skin color.	Black Lives Matter
Black people have been mistreated more by the police.	United States criminal justice system.	Inclusion is a giant step towards a better society.	Black people are 58% of those killed by private citizens by self defence, except 75% of them were killed by other blacks.	Black Lives Matter
Black people are unfairly discriminated against.	Racial discrimination has increased over the years.	All people are equal.	Black people are 4 times more likely to attack whites and Hispanics, than whites and Hispanics are to blacks.	Black Lives Matter
Black is as important as white.	There must be equality.	This Is more Of a Movement for Attention, and obviously more money.	Whites have more power and they need to use it to raise other racecs, especially black, up.	Black Lives Matter
All citizens of a society have the same rights, regardless of ethnic groups or races.	Black people are often profiled when it comes to criminal matters.	Police brutality should not be allowed in the US.	Black people have the same rights as whites.	Black Lives Matter
Black people are often profiled when it comes to criminal matters.	People should be treated equally regardless of the skin color.	Racial discrimination reveals the social backwardness of a society.	Black people are as human as white people.	Black Lives Matter
Martin luther king suffered in the flesh this kind of discrimination.	Black opinions matter.	Police profiling is wrong.	Black lives matter doesn't care about black lives.	Black Lives Matter
Racial profiling has gotten better.	All races do not have equal access to resources and opportunities.	Racial profiling disparages those it effects.	Skin color is not important.	Black Lives Matter
Blacks too must be given priveledges with whites.	The black lives matter movement is blown out of proportion.	Black people are not inferior and need to stop thinking that way.	The USA has worked hard enough to fight racial inequality.	Black Lives Matter
Being racist should be fined.	The US is not only for white people.	We must maximize campaigns against racism.	Environment inequality still exists for black communities forced to live near chemical plants.	Black Lives Matter
Government should enforced severe punishment against racial profiling.	Police racial profiling reduces minorities to negative stereotypes.	Not all people are equal.	This country is equal despite what black people want to believe.	Black Lives Matter
All lives matter.	Blacks should be respected.	The world needs to know that blacks are also humans.	The electoral college is suspect.	Black Lives Matter
Not every issue is a race issue and many races face discrimination.	Black lives matter is important.	This Is more Of a Movement for Attention, and obviously more money.	The country has already done enough to achieve racial equality.	Black Lives Matter
Black Lives Matter are too violent.	Not all races in the usa have equal rights like they should.	Discrimination is really bad.	All people are the same regardless of race.	Black Lives Matter
The greater inequality in a smaller society is the democratic quality of its institutions.	No lives should be lost.	People of color are more likely to be born into poverty.	Non white individuals should be treated the same as white.	Black Lives Matter
Every human is equal.	Every one has the same rights.	Police brutality should not be allowed in the US.	Whites have more power and they need to use it to raise other racecs, especially black, up.	Black Lives Matter
All people should be treated equally regardless of race and color of the skin.	All people are good.	There must be respect for all races.	Black lives matter activists are also racist.	Black Lives Matter
Blacks are creative.	It would take 40 years for white people to kill as many black people as blacks have killed.	There is such thing as racial profiling.	Lots of innocently killed blacks have been kids lately.	Black Lives Matter
White people are also sometimes victims of police brutality.	Racial profiling affects minorities.	Inclusion is a giant step towards a better society.	Everyone is equal.	Black Lives Matter
The police looks for blacks to be thieves.	Black lives matter is taken seriously in the US.	Both black and white people need to treat authorities with respect.	Black lives matter is based on a flawed premise.	Black Lives Matter
The cops should be forced to stop.	Police racial profiling reduces minorities.	Police need to be educated on profiling and deescalation techniques.	Black people blame everything on their race.	Black Lives Matter
Discrimination with blacks causes degredation of one's self.	Let everyone live.	This issues comprises issues of racial profiling and police brutality.	This country has done nothing to achieve racial equality.	Black Lives Matter
Racial discrimination must be attacked with apprehension.	The legal system needs to punish cops that take advantage of their position.	Black people don't matter any more than anybody else.	Racial equality is necessary.	Black Lives Matter
Black people still make up a disproportionate share of the prison community.	Many paople is being discriminated by the legal system.	All humans are equal, no matter their race.	Black should not maltreated.	Black Lives Matter
Individual instances of discrimination are a bigger concern than discrimination against black people.	The population is not out to get black people.	Racism should be fought.	Black people are humans too.	Black Lives Matter
Discrimination in the usa is a serious issue and needs to be addressed.	Racial discrimination has increased over the years.	Blacks are the scum of society.	Black people cannot be racist because they aren't in a position of power.	Black Lives Matter
All men are created equal.	All white people are racist because of their privilege.	Historically in the United States there has been discrimination.	Black is as important as white.	Black Lives Matter
Discrimination occurs among people of various race, gender and religion.	Black lives matter calls for violence against police.	Equality for all is a matter of human rights.	Everyone should have access to financial success, regardless of skin color.	Black Lives Matter
We can all make a better world if we work together.	Black people are 58% of those killed by private citizens by self defence, except 75% of them were killed by other blacks.	The world would be safer without black people.	All people are equal.	Black Lives Matter
All races have an equal access to resources.	We are all equal and deserve to be treated as such.	Racism is out of date.	Rather then just focusing on black people all races need to be treated equal.	Black Lives Matter
Most crime against blacks is not from the police.	Individual instances of discrimination.	People should not be discriminated for their skin color.	The us government must try to treat everyone equally.	Black Lives Matter
What is worse that blacks themselves are falling into racism too.	The government needs to do more to stop racism.	People in any profession can be racist.	Racial discrimination should not be tolerated.	Black Lives Matter
All cases of discrimination are important, but racial discrimination must be addressed primarily.	Blacks should be regarded.	Black people are 4 times more likely to attack whites and Hispanics, than whites and Hispanics are to blacks.	United States criminal justice system.	Black Lives Matter
All people are equal regardless of their race.	Black people have been mistreated more by the police.	Every race has experienced racism.	Although it has declined African Americans are still mistreated.	Black Lives Matter
Racists should be punished.	Peaceful protesting is more productive than violent rallies.	This issues comprises issues of racial profiling.	There must be equality.	Black Lives Matter
Police racial profiling reduces minorities to the status of second class citizens.	Racists should be sentenced to jail terms.	The Black Lives Matter movement encourages racial hate.	Discrimination must be severely penalized.	Black Lives Matter
Black people complain too much.	Racial equality is a must.	Black people are unfairly discriminated against.	Racial profiling is bad.	Black Lives Matter
Racial inequality does not only discriminate against one race.	Discrimination against black people still exists.	Any abuse is not acceptable.	All citizens of a society have the same rights, regardless of ethnic groups or races.	Black Lives Matter
Everybody's life matters.	More importance should be placed on blacks.	Black people are not inferior and need to stop thinking that way.	All men are created equal.	Black Lives Matter
Black lives matter calls for violence against police.	Most crime against blacks is not from the police.	Blacks too must be given priveledges with whites.	Police racial profiling reduces minorities to the status of second class citizens.	Black Lives Matter
All lives matter.	Black opinions matter.	The USA has worked hard enough to fight racial inequality.	Any abuse is not acceptable.	Black Lives Matter
Every race has experienced racism.	Everybody's life matters.	Racial discrimination must be attacked with apprehension.	Discrimination in the usa is a serious issue and needs to be addressed.	Black Lives Matter
We can all make a better world if we work together.	The electoral college is suspect.	Racial equality is a must.	Black people have the same rights as whites.	Black Lives Matter
Black people are often profiled when it comes to criminal matters.	People in any profession can be racist.	Everyone should have access to financial success, regardless of skin color.	Racists should be sentenced to jail terms.	Black Lives Matter
It would take 40 years for white people to kill as many black people as blacks have killed.	This issues comprises issues of racial profiling.	Black lives matter is taken seriously in the US.	No lives should be lost.	Black Lives Matter
Both black and white people need to treat authorities with respect.	The US is not only for white people.	Everyone is equal.	Racial equality is necessary.	Black Lives Matter
All people should be treated equally regardless of race and color of the skin.	Police racial profiling reduces minorities to negative stereotypes.	Racial profiling disparages those it effects.	People of color are more likely to be born into poverty.	Black Lives Matter
Not every issue is a race issue and many races face discrimination.	All cases of discrimination are important, but racial discrimination must be addressed primarily.	Discrimination is really bad.	The world would be safer without black people.	Black Lives Matter
Racists should be punished.	Historically in the United States there has been discrimination.	This country has done nothing to achieve racial equality.	Skin color is not important.	Black Lives Matter
Black people are unfairly discriminated against.	The world needs to know that blacks are also humans.	People should not be discriminated for their skin color.	United States criminal justice system.	Black Lives Matter
Not all people are equal.	The black lives matter movement is blown out of proportion.	All people are good.	Police racial profiling reduces minorities.	Black Lives Matter
Although it has declined African Americans are still mistreated.	Individual instances of discrimination.	Environment inequality still exists for black communities forced to live near chemical plants.	All citizens of a society have the same rights, regardless of ethnic groups or races.	Black Lives Matter
Police need to be educated on profiling and deescalation techniques.	Black lives matter doesn't care about black lives.	The Black Lives Matter movement encourages racial hate.	The population is not out to get black people.	Black Lives Matter
Racial profiling has gotten better.	All people are the same regardless of race.	All humans are equal, no matter their race.	The legal system needs to punish cops that take advantage of their position.	Black Lives Matter
Black people have been mistreated more by the police.	Racial discrimination reveals the social backwardness of a society.	Racial profiling is bad.	Black should not maltreated.	Black Lives Matter
All races have an equal access to resources.	Racial discrimination has increased over the years.	The us government must try to treat everyone equally.	There must be respect for all races.	Black Lives Matter
Every human is equal.	Discrimination with blacks causes degredation of one's self.	Non white individuals should be treated the same as white.	Black people are 4 times more likely to attack whites and Hispanics, than whites and Hispanics are to blacks.	Black Lives Matter
Black lives matter is important.	This Is more Of a Movement for Attention, and obviously more money.	Inclusion is a giant step towards a better society.	The country has already done enough to achieve racial equality.	Black Lives Matter
There must be equality.	All people are equal regardless of their race.	Blacks are the scum of society.	This country is equal despite what black people want to believe.	Black Lives Matter
The government needs to do more to stop racism.	Whites have more power and they need to use it to raise other racecs, especially black, up.	We are all equal and deserve to be treated as such.	Black people are as human as white people.	Black Lives Matter
Being racist should be fined.	People should be treated equally regardless of the skin color.	Black lives matter is based on a flawed premise.	Discrimination against black people still exists.	Black Lives Matter
Not all races in the usa have equal rights like they should.	Discrimination must be severely penalized.	Black lives matter activists are also racist.	Black people still make up a disproportionate share of the prison community.	Black Lives Matter
Blacks are creative.	Police profiling is wrong.	Black people cannot be racist because they aren't in a position of power.	Racial inequality does not only discriminate against one race.	Black Lives Matter
Peaceful protesting is more productive than violent rallies.	The cops should be forced to stop.	The police looks for blacks to be thieves.	What is worse that blacks themselves are falling into racism too.	Black Lives Matter
Lots of innocently killed blacks have been kids lately.	Racial discrimination should not be tolerated.	Racial profiling affects minorities.	Black people are 58% of those killed by private citizens by self defence, except 75% of them were killed by other blacks.	Black Lives Matter
This issues comprises issues of racial profiling and police brutality.	Black people don't matter any more than anybody else.	Black people are humans too.	Black people complain too much.	Black Lives Matter
Blacks should be respected.	Racism should be fought.	All people are equal.	Let everyone live.	Black Lives Matter
Rather then just focusing on black people all races need to be treated equal.	Many paople is being discriminated by the legal system.	Black people blame everything on their race.	Discrimination occurs among people of various race, gender and religion.	Black Lives Matter
Government should enforced severe punishment against racial profiling.	All races do not have equal access to resources and opportunities.	Racism is out of date.	Black Lives Matter are too violent.	Black Lives Matter
Equality for all is a matter of human rights.	Individual instances of discrimination are a bigger concern than discrimination against black people.	Blacks should be regarded.	Black is as important as white.	Black Lives Matter
Police brutality should not be allowed in the US.	The greater inequality in a smaller society is the democratic quality of its institutions.	More importance should be placed on blacks.	White people are also sometimes victims of police brutality.	Black Lives Matter
We must maximize campaigns against racism.	Every one has the same rights.	All white people are racist because of their privilege.	There is such thing as racial profiling.	Black Lives Matter
Martin luther king suffered in the flesh this kind of discrimination.	Racism is out of date.	Although it has declined African Americans are still mistreated.	Everybody's life matters.	Black Lives Matter
Being racist should be fined.	Equality for all is a matter of human rights.	The electoral college is suspect.	Racial profiling disparages those it effects.	Black Lives Matter
People should be treated equally regardless of the skin color.	Black people have the same rights as whites.	Black lives matter is based on a flawed premise.	Everyone should have access to financial success, regardless of skin color.	Black Lives Matter
All lives matter.	The world would be safer without black people.	Racism should be fought.	Racial discrimination should not be tolerated.	Black Lives Matter
This country is equal despite what black people want to believe.	Historically in the United States there has been discrimination.	All cases of discrimination are important, but racial discrimination must be addressed primarily.	The USA has worked hard enough to fight racial inequality.	Black Lives Matter
Rather then just focusing on black people all races need to be treated equal.	Individual instances of discrimination.	There must be equality.	Police brutality should not be allowed in the US.	Black Lives Matter
Blacks are creative.	Black people have been mistreated more by the police.	Black people are humans too.	This issues comprises issues of racial profiling.	Black Lives Matter
Discrimination must be severely penalized.	All people should be treated equally regardless of race and color of the skin.	Black people cannot be racist because they aren't in a position of power.	White people are also sometimes victims of police brutality.	Black Lives Matter
It would take 40 years for white people to kill as many black people as blacks have killed.	Black lives matter calls for violence against police.	There is such thing as racial profiling.	Racists should be punished.	Black Lives Matter
This issues comprises issues of racial profiling and police brutality.	Blacks too must be given priveledges with whites.	All white people are racist because of their privilege.	United States criminal justice system.	Black Lives Matter
Black opinions matter.	Black people still make up a disproportionate share of the prison community.	All humans are equal, no matter their race.	Government should enforced severe punishment against racial profiling.	Black Lives Matter
Environment inequality still exists for black communities forced to live near chemical plants.	There must be respect for all races.	We are all equal and deserve to be treated as such.	All people are equal regardless of their race.	Black Lives Matter
Black lives matter is important.	Discrimination occurs among people of various race, gender and religion.	More importance should be placed on blacks.	Black people are 4 times more likely to attack whites and Hispanics, than whites and Hispanics are to blacks.	Black Lives Matter
Every one has the same rights.	Lots of innocently killed blacks have been kids lately.	Every race has experienced racism.	Racial discrimination has increased over the years.	Black Lives Matter
No lives should be lost.	Individual instances of discrimination are a bigger concern than discrimination against black people.	Discrimination is really bad.	Police racial profiling reduces minorities to the status of second class citizens.	Black Lives Matter
Racial profiling is bad.	Black people are 58% of those killed by private citizens by self defence, except 75% of them were killed by other blacks.	Black people are as human as white people.	Black people complain too much.	Black Lives Matter
The US is not only for white people.	Black lives matter is taken seriously in the US.	Many paople is being discriminated by the legal system.	Peaceful protesting is more productive than violent rallies.	Black Lives Matter
All races do not have equal access to resources and opportunities.	Black people are unfairly discriminated against.	Black lives matter doesn't care about black lives.	Racists should be sentenced to jail terms.	Black Lives Matter
Police profiling is wrong.	Racial equality is necessary.	Racial inequality does not only discriminate against one race.	People of color are more likely to be born into poverty.	Black Lives Matter
All people are equal.	Racial profiling has gotten better.	This Is more Of a Movement for Attention, and obviously more money.	The government needs to do more to stop racism.	Black Lives Matter
Racial discrimination must be attacked with apprehension.	All races have an equal access to resources.	People in any profession can be racist.	Racial equality is a must.	Black Lives Matter
Any abuse is not acceptable.	Not every issue is a race issue and many races face discrimination.	Every human is equal.	Inclusion is a giant step towards a better society.	Black Lives Matter
Black people are often profiled when it comes to criminal matters.	Black people are not inferior and need to stop thinking that way.	Discrimination with blacks causes degredation of one's self.	Martin luther king suffered in the flesh this kind of discrimination.	Black Lives Matter
Whites have more power and they need to use it to raise other racecs, especially black, up.	Police racial profiling reduces minorities to negative stereotypes.	All men are created equal.	Black lives matter activists are also racist.	Black Lives Matter
Non white individuals should be treated the same as white.	Police racial profiling reduces minorities.	All people are the same regardless of race.	The police looks for blacks to be thieves.	Black Lives Matter
The country has already done enough to achieve racial equality.	Discrimination against black people still exists.	Blacks should be respected.	The population is not out to get black people.	Black Lives Matter
Everyone is equal.	Black people blame everything on their race.	Black Lives Matter are too violent.	Not all races in the usa have equal rights like they should.	Black Lives Matter
All citizens of a society have the same rights, regardless of ethnic groups or races.	Blacks should be regarded.	Black people don't matter any more than anybody else.	Discrimination in the usa is a serious issue and needs to be addressed.	Black Lives Matter
Black should not maltreated.	Black is as important as white.	Not all people are equal.	We can all make a better world if we work together.	Black Lives Matter
Let everyone live.	The Black Lives Matter movement encourages racial hate.	We must maximize campaigns against racism.	The cops should be forced to stop.	Black Lives Matter
Police need to be educated on profiling and deescalation techniques.	The us government must try to treat everyone equally.	The black lives matter movement is blown out of proportion.	Skin color is not important.	Black Lives Matter
The greater inequality in a smaller society is the democratic quality of its institutions.	This country has done nothing to achieve racial equality.	Blacks are the scum of society.	Both black and white people need to treat authorities with respect.	Black Lives Matter
All people are good.	Racial profiling affects minorities.	The legal system needs to punish cops that take advantage of their position.	The world needs to know that blacks are also humans.	Black Lives Matter
What is worse that blacks themselves are falling into racism too.	People should not be discriminated for their skin color.	Most crime against blacks is not from the police.	Racial discrimination reveals the social backwardness of a society.	Black Lives Matter
Climate change causes hotter temperatures.	There has been an increase in tropical storms of greater intensity which can be attributed to climate change.	Glacier are melting at unprecedented rates due to global warming, causing additional climate change.	Humans do not have that large of an impact.	Climate Change
Climate change has a big affect on the Earth.	Oceans rise due to climate change.	Climate change has a lot of research that it is real.	Climate change cannot be blamed for every weather phenomenon.	Climate Change
Global warming can change our climate.	Climate change is serious matter.	Human produced co2 is re-absorbed by oceans,forests, and other carbon sinks negating any climate changes.	Global warming is not real.	Climate Change
Advertising campaigns that encourage the preservation of the environment.	Climate change is responsible for the deaths of polar bears.	Different changes in weather does not mean global warming.	Climate Change is accelerated by changes in atmospheric concentration of green house effect.	Climate Change
Irresponsible acts such as air pollutants, chemicals and human impact erosion contribute to climate change.	Climate change is affected by different human actions.	Natural changes in the sun's activity cannot explain 20th century global warming.	We are still unsure what could cause climate change.	Climate Change
Humanity holds key responsibility for combating climate change.	CO2 Levels may be controlled with more trees to prevent climate change.	Climate change is already costing money.	Climate change endangers people's health.	Climate Change
Climate change will cause problems for future generations.	Global warming can be treated.	We can see strange weather patterns around the world which is a strong indicator of climate change.	There is not a real contribution of human activitis in Climate change.	Climate Change
The US should do something about climate change.	Climate change can be reversed with effort.	Humans should do all they can to stop climate change.	Climate change could be caused my human factors.	Climate Change
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming.	Global warming is just a strategy to get people to recycle more.	Climate change is already costing lives.	The Bible talks about climate change.	Climate Change
Climate change increases the likelihood of some diseases.	Climate change is leading to some animals dying off.	Moving to electrical cars wil stop climate change.	Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate.	Climate Change
There are signs of global warming happening all over the world.	Animals have no responsibility for climate change.	Species of flora and fauna have disappeared due to climate change issues.	Climate change will reach a point where there is nothing we can do about it.	Climate Change
Stop killing trees will prevent climate change.	We should believe in scientists who are experts in the matter.	Climate change is affecting the polar ice caps.	Government should do something to avoid climate change.	Climate Change
There will be more rainfall due to climate change.	People should expect to see more volatile weather patterns resulting from climate change.	Global warming is a naturally occurring phenomenon unrelated to human activity.	Climate change is responsible for melting glaciers.	Climate Change
Car exhausts can change our climate.	The current Climate change is a natural phenomenon.	Decline in rice yields due to warmer nighttime minimum temperatures.	Sea levels have already risen in response to climate change.	Climate Change
Climate change is currently affecting the lives and livelihood of people globally.	Polar ice caps melting is due to global warming.	CO2 emissions are not the only cause for climate change.	If we do not decrease pollution it will exacerbate climate change.	Climate Change
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled.	Climate change endangers lives.	Climate change has cost at least thirty lives from Hurricane Harvey.	Humans are not the only animals that cause pollution on this planet that results in climate change.	Climate Change
Extreme weather patterns are part of climate change.	Climate change causes huge weather occurances.	Climate change should be examined.	Climate change is affecting everyone.	Climate Change
Gas flaring can change our climate.	Man has contributed to climate change.	Climate change is real.	Climate Change results in billions of dollars of damage to public infrastructure.	Climate Change
Trump won the election due to his positions on the environment.	With earths population growing more of the rainforest are being developed and destroyed adding to climate change.	The high rate of fossil fuels is causing climate change.	Humans can effect climate change.	Climate Change
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions will not necessarily stop climate change.	Human activity need to be revised to change the effects of climate change.	Climate change is caused by bad people.	Climate change is deemed a fact by the scientific community.	Climate Change
Many people are not aware of the damage caused by climate change on planet earth.	The climate is in a constant cycle and we are currently in a warming period.	Decreasing human water supplies, increased fire frequency, ecosystem change and expanded deserts.	Scientific data from the last 100 years have shown climate change to be a fact.	Climate Change
Global warming has nothing to do with the change in weather.	Climate change is causing flooding due to melting ice caps.	People are responsible for climate change.	Climate change may also result in cooler weather in some areas.	Climate Change
We must stop destroying ozone to prevent climate change.	Climate change is bad.	A solution to climate change must be sought soon.	The ice caps are currently melting leading to increases in sea level.	Climate Change
Economic damage to poorer, low latitude countries.	Some climate change is part of the earths natural cycle and cannot be blamed on mankind.	Al Gore should practice what he preaches - or go away.	It is not rising CO2 leels that are the only cause of climate change but certain instances do add to accelerating such.	Climate Change
Climate change extremes are being experienced more regularly in the current century.	Global warming is the rise in the temperature of the Earth's.	Climate change will adversely affect third world countries the most.	Climate change result in radom rainfall.	Climate Change
Climate change is costing lives.	Climate change increases the occurrence of allergic symptoms due to rise in allergenic pollen.	Preventing activities that cause climate change can prevent further damage.	Climate change is affecting animals homes.	Climate Change
Humans are responsible for the rise in temperatures.	Global warming will be solved by technology innovations.	Hurricanes are due to climate change.	Use of certain aerosol substances accelerates global warming.	Climate Change
Other countries, such as China, are worse for the environment than the US.	Earth's climate is a cycle of change as seen through ice ages and warming periods, in which we are currently in a warming period.	Climate change will make areas of the world uninhabitable within this decade.	Climate change has always been around.	Climate Change
Global warming has been showcased with increased temperatures in dry areas.	Climate change research shows that it affects us and the earth negatively.	The way to treat climate change is by reducing the amount of fossil fuel that is burnt.	We will see spread in mosquite-borne diseases such as Malaria and Dengue Fever.	Climate Change
Extremes in climate change can cause fammine, flooding, lack of water and other weather phenomena.	Humans are not responsible for climate change.	Increased hurricane activity and other extreme weather evenys are a result of natural weather patterns not human -caused climate change.	Rising of sea temperatures supports climate change.	Climate Change
High rate of emission is causing climate change.	The rising risk of climate change should not be ignored.	The ice caps are shrinking at an alarming rate.	The climate change is caused by most developed country.	Climate Change
Deep ocean currents not human activity or a primary driver of natural climate warming and cooling cycle.	People and environment as well as animals have been affected by climate change.	Climate change was made up by the government to keep people in fear.	Climate change needs to be addressed.	Climate Change
Climate change will cause food shortages.	Human beings are primarily responsible for global warming.	Climate change is a danger to everything living on Earth.	People should act now to protect earth and avoid climate change.	Climate Change
People play a huge factor in global warming.	Climate change is destroying the habitat of animals who depend on consistently cold environments.	Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.	The use of fossil fuels in excess has contributed to climate change.	Climate Change
Humans are the cause of pollution which enable climate change.	The change in climate can result from human activities.	The sea levels are rising due to climate change.	People should do their part to protect nature and avoid climate change.	Climate Change
We are experiencing more extreme weather in recent years.	Climate change is caused by humans.	CO2 Levels may be controlled with more trees to prevent climate change.	Climate change is responsible for melting glaciers.	Climate Change
Global warming can be treated.	Humans can effect climate change.	People should act now to protect earth and avoid climate change.	Government should do something to avoid climate change.	Climate Change
Different changes in weather does not mean global warming.	Climate change is caused by bad people.	Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.	Climate change is destroying the habitat of animals who depend on consistently cold environments.	Climate Change
Humans are not the only animals that cause pollution on this planet that results in climate change.	The Bible talks about climate change.	Natural changes in the sun's activity cannot explain 20th century global warming.	Climate change is bad.	Climate Change
Global warming can change our climate.	Many people are not aware of the damage caused by climate change on planet earth.	Some climate change is part of the earths natural cycle and cannot be blamed on mankind.	The ice caps are shrinking at an alarming rate.	Climate Change
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions will not necessarily stop climate change.	People should do their part to protect nature and avoid climate change.	There has been an increase in tropical storms of greater intensity which can be attributed to climate change.	Polar ice caps melting is due to global warming.	Climate Change
We are experiencing more extreme weather in recent years.	Humans are responsible for the rise in temperatures.	Humans are the cause of pollution which enable climate change.	Climate Change is accelerated by changes in atmospheric concentration of green house effect.	Climate Change
Al Gore should practice what he preaches - or go away.	Deep ocean currents not human activity or a primary driver of natural climate warming and cooling cycle.	Advertising campaigns that encourage the preservation of the environment.	Global warming is a naturally occurring phenomenon unrelated to human activity.	Climate Change
Climate change is causing flooding due to melting ice caps.	Climate change is affecting everyone.	People should expect to see more volatile weather patterns resulting from climate change.	Use of certain aerosol substances accelerates global warming.	Climate Change
With earths population growing more of the rainforest are being developed and destroyed adding to climate change.	Hurricanes are due to climate change.	Human activity need to be revised to change the effects of climate change.	Oceans rise due to climate change.	Climate Change
Climate change is a danger to everything living on Earth.	Gas flaring can change our climate.	Global warming has been showcased with increased temperatures in dry areas.	Climate change will cause problems for future generations.	Climate Change
People play a huge factor in global warming.	Car exhausts can change our climate.	Climate change could be caused my human factors.	Earth's climate is a cycle of change as seen through ice ages and warming periods, in which we are currently in a warming period.	Climate Change
Climate change can be reversed with effort.	Climate change increases the occurrence of allergic symptoms due to rise in allergenic pollen.	Climate change is currently affecting the lives and livelihood of people globally.	Humanity holds key responsibility for combating climate change.	Climate Change
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming.	Climate Change results in billions of dollars of damage to public infrastructure.	Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate.	Climate change will reach a point where there is nothing we can do about it.	Climate Change
There are signs of global warming happening all over the world.	Species of flora and fauna have disappeared due to climate change issues.	The ice caps are currently melting leading to increases in sea level.	Climate change is affecting the polar ice caps.	Climate Change
The climate is in a constant cycle and we are currently in a warming period.	Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled.	Man has contributed to climate change.	Climate change is responsible for the deaths of polar bears.	Climate Change
Animals have no responsibility for climate change.	Global warming is just a strategy to get people to recycle more.	Climate change has a lot of research that it is real.	If we do not decrease pollution it will exacerbate climate change.	Climate Change
The way to treat climate change is by reducing the amount of fossil fuel that is burnt.	We are still unsure what could cause climate change.	Climate change should be examined.	Climate change needs to be addressed.	Climate Change
Climate change causes huge weather occurances.	Glacier are melting at unprecedented rates due to global warming, causing additional climate change.	Climate change is already costing lives.	Climate change will adversely affect third world countries the most.	Climate Change
Climate change endangers people's health.	The US should do something about climate change.	The change in climate can result from human activities.	Climate change may also result in cooler weather in some areas.	Climate Change
High rate of emission is causing climate change.	Climate change will make areas of the world uninhabitable within this decade.	Humans are not responsible for climate change.	Human beings are primarily responsible for global warming.	Climate Change
Extreme weather patterns are part of climate change.	Climate change is deemed a fact by the scientific community.	Climate change is leading to some animals dying off.	We can see strange weather patterns around the world which is a strong indicator of climate change.	Climate Change
Stop killing trees will prevent climate change.	The climate change is caused by most developed country.	Climate change endangers lives.	Climate change is affecting animals homes.	Climate Change
The sea levels are rising due to climate change.	Climate change causes hotter temperatures.	Climate change extremes are being experienced more regularly in the current century.	Climate change was made up by the government to keep people in fear.	Climate Change
Global warming will be solved by technology innovations.	We will see spread in mosquite-borne diseases such as Malaria and Dengue Fever.	Preventing activities that cause climate change can prevent further damage.	Other countries, such as China, are worse for the environment than the US.	Climate Change
Climate change is affected by different human actions.	We must stop destroying ozone to prevent climate change.	Climate change increases the likelihood of some diseases.	Climate change is real.	Climate Change
A solution to climate change must be sought soon.	The high rate of fossil fuels is causing climate change.	Climate change research shows that it affects us and the earth negatively.	Rising of sea temperatures supports climate change.	Climate Change
Extremes in climate change can cause fammine, flooding, lack of water and other weather phenomena.	People and environment as well as animals have been affected by climate change.	Decreasing human water supplies, increased fire frequency, ecosystem change and expanded deserts.	Climate change cannot be blamed for every weather phenomenon.	Climate Change
It is not rising CO2 leels that are the only cause of climate change but certain instances do add to accelerating such.	Scientific data from the last 100 years have shown climate change to be a fact.	Climate change has a big affect on the Earth.	Global warming has nothing to do with the change in weather.	Climate Change
Moving to electrical cars wil stop climate change.	There is not a real contribution of human activitis in Climate change.	Trump won the election due to his positions on the environment.	Irresponsible acts such as air pollutants, chemicals and human impact erosion contribute to climate change.	Climate Change
The rising risk of climate change should not be ignored.	Humans should do all they can to stop climate change.	CO2 emissions are not the only cause for climate change.	Climate change result in radom rainfall.	Climate Change
Humans do not have that large of an impact.	Global warming is not real.	Human produced co2 is re-absorbed by oceans,forests, and other carbon sinks negating any climate changes.	Increased hurricane activity and other extreme weather evenys are a result of natural weather patterns not human -caused climate change.	Climate Change
Global warming is the rise in the temperature of the Earth's.	Climate change has always been around.	Economic damage to poorer, low latitude countries.	There will be more rainfall due to climate change.	Climate Change
The use of fossil fuels in excess has contributed to climate change.	Decline in rice yields due to warmer nighttime minimum temperatures.	Climate change is already costing money.	Climate change is serious matter.	Climate Change
Climate change will cause food shortages.	Climate change is costing lives.	People are responsible for climate change.	Climate change has cost at least thirty lives from Hurricane Harvey.	Climate Change
The current Climate change is a natural phenomenon.	We should believe in scientists who are experts in the matter.	Climate change is caused by humans.	Sea levels have already risen in response to climate change.	Climate Change
Human beings are primarily responsible for global warming.	Deep ocean currents not human activity or a primary driver of natural climate warming and cooling cycle.	Climate Change is accelerated by changes in atmospheric concentration of green house effect.	Natural changes in the sun's activity cannot explain 20th century global warming.	Climate Change
Gas flaring can change our climate.	The rising risk of climate change should not be ignored.	Climate change is serious matter.	Climate change is responsible for melting glaciers.	Climate Change
Climate change will cause problems for future generations.	Use of certain aerosol substances accelerates global warming.	Climate change has cost at least thirty lives from Hurricane Harvey.	Different changes in weather does not mean global warming.	Climate Change
People are responsible for climate change.	Global warming will be solved by technology innovations.	The US should do something about climate change.	Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.	Climate Change
Climate change causes hotter temperatures.	Stop killing trees will prevent climate change.	Climate change is affected by different human actions.	Humans are not responsible for climate change.	Climate Change
Climate change causes huge weather occurances.	We must stop destroying ozone to prevent climate change.	Preventing activities that cause climate change can prevent further damage.	Climate change was made up by the government to keep people in fear.	Climate Change
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate.	Rising of sea temperatures supports climate change.	Climate change is real.	Climate change will adversely affect third world countries the most.	Climate Change
The change in climate can result from human activities.	Climate change will reach a point where there is nothing we can do about it.	Decline in rice yields due to warmer nighttime minimum temperatures.	Climate change should be examined.	Climate Change
Climate change can be reversed with effort.	The use of fossil fuels in excess has contributed to climate change.	Global warming is the rise in the temperature of the Earth's.	Climate change is bad.	Climate Change
Glacier are melting at unprecedented rates due to global warming, causing additional climate change.	Climate change is responsible for the deaths of polar bears.	Climate change cannot be blamed for every weather phenomenon.	The Bible talks about climate change.	Climate Change
Humans are responsible for the rise in temperatures.	Climate change is caused by humans.	We can see strange weather patterns around the world which is a strong indicator of climate change.	Global warming has nothing to do with the change in weather.	Climate Change
Climate change is destroying the habitat of animals who depend on consistently cold environments.	If we do not decrease pollution it will exacerbate climate change.	Global warming is a naturally occurring phenomenon unrelated to human activity.	The climate change is caused by most developed country.	Climate Change
Irresponsible acts such as air pollutants, chemicals and human impact erosion contribute to climate change.	We should believe in scientists who are experts in the matter.	Climate change increases the occurrence of allergic symptoms due to rise in allergenic pollen.	Climate change is caused by bad people.	Climate Change
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming.	Scientific data from the last 100 years have shown climate change to be a fact.	Climate change is currently affecting the lives and livelihood of people globally.	Many people are not aware of the damage caused by climate change on planet earth.	Climate Change
Human produced co2 is re-absorbed by oceans,forests, and other carbon sinks negating any climate changes.	The ice caps are shrinking at an alarming rate.	People and environment as well as animals have been affected by climate change.	Climate change is affecting everyone.	Climate Change
There has been an increase in tropical storms of greater intensity which can be attributed to climate change.	Human activity need to be revised to change the effects of climate change.	Climate change endangers lives.	Extreme weather patterns are part of climate change.	Climate Change
Climate change is costing lives.	Climate change is leading to some animals dying off.	People should act now to protect earth and avoid climate change.	Climate change needs to be addressed.	Climate Change
CO2 emissions are not the only cause for climate change.	Climate Change results in billions of dollars of damage to public infrastructure.	With earths population growing more of the rainforest are being developed and destroyed adding to climate change.	A solution to climate change must be sought soon.	Climate Change
Trump won the election due to his positions on the environment.	Animals have no responsibility for climate change.	Earth's climate is a cycle of change as seen through ice ages and warming periods, in which we are currently in a warming period.	Humans are the cause of pollution which enable climate change.	Climate Change
Climate change is already costing money.	Climate change is a danger to everything living on Earth.	People play a huge factor in global warming.	People should do their part to protect nature and avoid climate change.	Climate Change
Species of flora and fauna have disappeared due to climate change issues.	Moving to electrical cars wil stop climate change.	The way to treat climate change is by reducing the amount of fossil fuel that is burnt.	Reducing greenhouse gas emissions will not necessarily stop climate change.	Climate Change
Humans can effect climate change.	It is not rising CO2 leels that are the only cause of climate change but certain instances do add to accelerating such.	Global warming can be treated.	Global warming is just a strategy to get people to recycle more.	Climate Change
The climate is in a constant cycle and we are currently in a warming period.	We are experiencing more extreme weather in recent years.	Hurricanes are due to climate change.	Sea levels have already risen in response to climate change.	Climate Change
Climate change will make areas of the world uninhabitable within this decade.	Climate change will cause food shortages.	Climate change has always been around.	Climate change could be caused my human factors.	Climate Change
Extremes in climate change can cause fammine, flooding, lack of water and other weather phenomena.	Decreasing human water supplies, increased fire frequency, ecosystem change and expanded deserts.	Climate change result in radom rainfall.	The current Climate change is a natural phenomenon.	Climate Change
We will see spread in mosquite-borne diseases such as Malaria and Dengue Fever.	Al Gore should practice what he preaches - or go away.	Climate change increases the likelihood of some diseases.	Humans should do all they can to stop climate change.	Climate Change
The sea levels are rising due to climate change.	Some climate change is part of the earths natural cycle and cannot be blamed on mankind.	Oceans rise due to climate change.	There is not a real contribution of human activitis in Climate change.	Climate Change
The high rate of fossil fuels is causing climate change.	Climate change may also result in cooler weather in some areas.	Advertising campaigns that encourage the preservation of the environment.	Polar ice caps melting is due to global warming.	Climate Change
Humans are not the only animals that cause pollution on this planet that results in climate change.	There will be more rainfall due to climate change.	Climate change research shows that it affects us and the earth negatively.	Other countries, such as China, are worse for the environment than the US.	Climate Change
Global warming has been showcased with increased temperatures in dry areas.	Climate change is causing flooding due to melting ice caps.	Climate change extremes are being experienced more regularly in the current century.	The ice caps are currently melting leading to increases in sea level.	Climate Change
Man has contributed to climate change.	Climate change is already costing lives.	Climate change is affecting animals homes.	Car exhausts can change our climate.	Climate Change
Global warming is not real.	Humanity holds key responsibility for combating climate change.	Climate change endangers people's health.	Climate change is deemed a fact by the scientific community.	Climate Change
There are signs of global warming happening all over the world.	High rate of emission is causing climate change.	CO2 Levels may be controlled with more trees to prevent climate change.	Climate change is affecting the polar ice caps.	Climate Change
Climate change has a lot of research that it is real.	Humans do not have that large of an impact.	People should expect to see more volatile weather patterns resulting from climate change.	We are still unsure what could cause climate change.	Climate Change
Global warming can change our climate.	Increased hurricane activity and other extreme weather evenys are a result of natural weather patterns not human -caused climate change.	Economic damage to poorer, low latitude countries.	Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled.	Climate Change
Climate change has a big affect on the Earth.	Government should do something to avoid climate change.	Climate change has a lot of research that it is real.	Hurricanes are due to climate change.	Climate Change
Global warming is a naturally occurring phenomenon unrelated to human activity.	Climate change is affecting animals homes.	Human activity need to be revised to change the effects of climate change.	With earths population growing more of the rainforest are being developed and destroyed adding to climate change.	Climate Change
Stop killing trees will prevent climate change.	Extremes in climate change can cause fammine, flooding, lack of water and other weather phenomena.	Climate change will cause problems for future generations.	People are responsible for climate change.	Climate Change
Climate change will cause food shortages.	There is not a real contribution of human activitis in Climate change.	Global warming has nothing to do with the change in weather.	Climate change needs to be addressed.	Climate Change
Government should do something to avoid climate change.	Decreasing human water supplies, increased fire frequency, ecosystem change and expanded deserts.	Climate change is leading to some animals dying off.	Different changes in weather does not mean global warming.	Climate Change
Gas flaring can change our climate.	Climate change increases the occurrence of allergic symptoms due to rise in allergenic pollen.	Climate change is caused by humans.	Moving to electrical cars wil stop climate change.	Climate Change
Animals have no responsibility for climate change.	Trump won the election due to his positions on the environment.	Climate change is affecting everyone.	Climate change was made up by the government to keep people in fear.	Climate Change
Use of certain aerosol substances accelerates global warming.	Al Gore should practice what he preaches - or go away.	If we do not decrease pollution it will exacerbate climate change.	Earth's climate is a cycle of change as seen through ice ages and warming periods, in which we are currently in a warming period.	Climate Change
Climate change cannot be blamed for every weather phenomenon.	Extreme weather patterns are part of climate change.	Species of flora and fauna have disappeared due to climate change issues.	Climate change can be reversed with effort.	Climate Change
Climate change endangers lives.	Decline in rice yields due to warmer nighttime minimum temperatures.	Climate change is caused by bad people.	Advertising campaigns that encourage the preservation of the environment.	Climate Change
The Bible talks about climate change.	Climate change is already costing lives.	Climate Change results in billions of dollars of damage to public infrastructure.	Humans do not have that large of an impact.	Climate Change
There has been an increase in tropical storms of greater intensity which can be attributed to climate change.	Climate change will make areas of the world uninhabitable within this decade.	Climate change is responsible for the deaths of polar bears.	Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming.	Climate Change
Climate change research shows that it affects us and the earth negatively.	We are still unsure what could cause climate change.	The use of fossil fuels in excess has contributed to climate change.	CO2 Levels may be controlled with more trees to prevent climate change.	Climate Change
Global warming can change our climate.	People play a huge factor in global warming.	Climate change causes huge weather occurances.	Humans can effect climate change.	Climate Change
Climate change may also result in cooler weather in some areas.	Climate change is bad.	People should act now to protect earth and avoid climate change.	CO2 emissions are not the only cause for climate change.	Climate Change
Irresponsible acts such as air pollutants, chemicals and human impact erosion contribute to climate change.	It is not rising CO2 leels that are the only cause of climate change but certain instances do add to accelerating such.	Deep ocean currents not human activity or a primary driver of natural climate warming and cooling cycle.	Global warming is not real.	Climate Change
Climate change is destroying the habitat of animals who depend on consistently cold environments.	Humans are not responsible for climate change.	The high rate of fossil fuels is causing climate change.	Economic damage to poorer, low latitude countries.	Climate Change
The change in climate can result from human activities.	Rising of sea temperatures supports climate change.	Car exhausts can change our climate.	Climate change has a big affect on the Earth.	Climate Change
The sea levels are rising due to climate change.	Climate change is affecting the polar ice caps.	People should do their part to protect nature and avoid climate change.	Humanity holds key responsibility for combating climate change.	Climate Change
Climate change is deemed a fact by the scientific community.	Climate change should be examined.	Climate change has cost at least thirty lives from Hurricane Harvey.	Man has contributed to climate change.	Climate Change
Glacier are melting at unprecedented rates due to global warming, causing additional climate change.	There will be more rainfall due to climate change.	There are signs of global warming happening all over the world.	Some climate change is part of the earths natural cycle and cannot be blamed on mankind.	Climate Change
Climate change will reach a point where there is nothing we can do about it.	Climate change is affected by different human actions.	Reducing greenhouse gas emissions will not necessarily stop climate change.	We can see strange weather patterns around the world which is a strong indicator of climate change.	Climate Change
A solution to climate change must be sought soon.	Climate change is serious matter.	Humans are the cause of pollution which enable climate change.	We will see spread in mosquite-borne diseases such as Malaria and Dengue Fever.	Climate Change
The way to treat climate change is by reducing the amount of fossil fuel that is burnt.	Climate Change is accelerated by changes in atmospheric concentration of green house effect.	Polar ice caps melting is due to global warming.	Climate change is responsible for melting glaciers.	Climate Change
We are experiencing more extreme weather in recent years.	The ice caps are currently melting leading to increases in sea level.	Increased hurricane activity and other extreme weather evenys are a result of natural weather patterns not human -caused climate change.	The rising risk of climate change should not be ignored.	Climate Change
Global warming will be solved by technology innovations.	Climate change is already costing money.	Humans should do all they can to stop climate change.	Humans are not the only animals that cause pollution on this planet that results in climate change.	Climate Change
Global warming is the rise in the temperature of the Earth's.	The climate is in a constant cycle and we are currently in a warming period.	Sea levels have already risen in response to climate change.	The US should do something about climate change.	Climate Change
Human beings are primarily responsible for global warming.	Climate change has always been around.	We must stop destroying ozone to prevent climate change.	We should believe in scientists who are experts in the matter.	Climate Change
Climate change will adversely affect third world countries the most.	Climate change increases the likelihood of some diseases.	Many people are not aware of the damage caused by climate change on planet earth.	Climate change causes hotter temperatures.	Climate Change
The current Climate change is a natural phenomenon.	Preventing activities that cause climate change can prevent further damage.	Climate change is real.	Climate change is causing flooding due to melting ice caps.	Climate Change
Climate change extremes are being experienced more regularly in the current century.	High rate of emission is causing climate change.	Climate change could be caused my human factors.	Human produced co2 is re-absorbed by oceans,forests, and other carbon sinks negating any climate changes.	Climate Change
The ice caps are shrinking at an alarming rate.	Climate change is a danger to everything living on Earth.	Oceans rise due to climate change.	People should expect to see more volatile weather patterns resulting from climate change.	Climate Change
Climate change is currently affecting the lives and livelihood of people globally.	Other countries, such as China, are worse for the environment than the US.	Climate change result in radom rainfall.	Global warming has been showcased with increased temperatures in dry areas.	Climate Change
Humans are responsible for the rise in temperatures.	Global warming can be treated.	Natural changes in the sun's activity cannot explain 20th century global warming.	Scientific data from the last 100 years have shown climate change to be a fact.	Climate Change
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.	Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate.	Climate change is costing lives.	Climate change endangers people's health.	Climate Change
The climate change is caused by most developed country.	Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled.	People and environment as well as animals have been affected by climate change.	Global warming is just a strategy to get people to recycle more.	Climate Change
Religion should not be in schools.	Freedom of expression is vital to our liberties.	Scientific fact only should be taught in school.	Freedom to choose without discrimination must be done.	Creationism in school curricula
Christian religion should be promoted in schools.	Creationism can be mentioned in school as something some people believe.	Parents should help teachers with chats at home.	Freedom of religion is protected by the consitution.	Creationism in school curricula
Teaching creationism as well as evolution gives students freedom to choose.	Multiculturalism encourages the teachings of all cultures and beliefs.	People should be allowed to wear any religious symbols they choose.	Religious education should stay in the church and home.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion belief should be respected.	Public schools must adhere to fact.	The theory of evolution has many inconcistencies.	Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they want to teach to children.	Creationism in school curricula
Scince always must be first.	People who want their kids to learn creationism can send their kids to a Christian school.	Science must be taught in detail, not creationism which lacks any kind of facts.	Everyone should be free of thought.	Creationism in school curricula
Education on religion must come from the home mainly.	Children should have the freedom to decide if they want to learn about either creationism or evolution or both.	Religious symbols should not be allowed in schools.	If creationism is taught, then everyone others belief system should be taught.	Creationism in school curricula
Freedom of speech should apply to teachers as much as anyone else.	Teaching creationism's truth is necessary in upholding the truth of the Bible.	Students also hear the about creation and be presented with evidence for creation.	We should not ban religion signs in schools.	Creationism in school curricula
We should not combine schools and religion.	Teaching creationism improves social union.	Separation of church and state: The words SEPARATION and CHURCH are not in the US Constitution.	Education should broaden our horizons. Showing the differences between evolution and creationism allows each student to choose.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism should be taught in school but so should evolution.	Religion has no place in education.	Extremists should be banned from schools.	The school board should decide on a curriculum for all teachers to follow.	Creationism in school curricula
Teachers should be able to say what they think as mentors.	People should be able to choose their own religion.	Every body must be free to choose.	Parents should have a say in what they want their children tought.	Creationism in school curricula
People in schools should not be made fun of for their religion.	Proponents of creationism only want their own religion taught in schools, no one else's.	The teachers should take a poll on whether to teach creationism.	Creationism in school curricula should be full enforced.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism should include just Christian beliefs versus evolution.	Creationism is not backed by science.	Teaching fact, which can include Bible writings, should be the norm.	Children have the freedom to choose.	Creationism in school curricula
Teachers who wished to present a balanced approach to this particular hypothesis should be free.	Each person should be free to choose what to believe in.	Teachers should teach all viewpoints on evolution and creationism in school.	Teachers should not force students to learn evolution.	Creationism in school curricula
Evolution should be the predominant discipline taught.	Religion and education must be kept separate.	Give students the freedom to choose but do not teach them creationism.	An additional educational subject could be included for this topic.	Creationism in school curricula
Teaching Creationism is helpful.	Creationism is a first amendement right.	Teachers should adhere to the curriculum provided by the school district.	Public opinion is unimportant to whether creationism belongs in science classes.	Creationism in school curricula
Inclusion is always better than seclusion.	Children should learn religion at home, not in school.	Religion has no place in a school.	Not eveyrone is interested in religion.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism should be taught at home only.	Allowing students the right to learn bothevolution and creationism opens their minds to understanding the views of others.	Children have the right to choose their own religion in their school.	Many people believe in creationism.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion should not be imposed.	Teachers should teach creationism and evolution to broaden the students minds.	Evolution is accepted science.	Creationism is not taught in school because it violates separation of church and state.	Creationism in school curricula
Teaching only evolution does not discriminate religious people.	Children should have the freedom not to be misled.	Atheists should be banned from schools.	By leaving religion out of the classroom, we respect the plurality of contrary views.	Creationism in school curricula
Help open to different opinions.	Students should have the freedom to learn creationism if they wish.	Secularism should be strictly enforced in schools.	Our school kids deserve the right to hear about creation in school.	Creationism in school curricula
We are a multicultural society. Differences in the way people choose to live should be taught in the classroom.	People should be able to express their religion through symbols even at schools.	Creationism is unscientific.	Childrens should have the option to participate or not in the religious activities on school.	Creationism in school curricula
We must separate church and state.	Schools can imply either a myopic or anti-religious outlook.	Students should have a choice of what they want to be tought.	Students should be able to learn what they are comfortable learning.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion should not be enforced in schools but should be taught.	Knowing about Creationism is important.	The uniqueness that each student brings to the classroom should be celebrated by allowing each student the opportunity to show and tell anything - including their AWANA book, a Bible, the Koran, a hajib, etc.	Religion belongs in church and at home, not in the federally-funded school system.	Creationism in school curricula
Religious symbols do not have a place in public schools.	There should not be seperation between state and relegion.	There should be freedom of speech among students.	Creationism is a good method that should be applied in all schools.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism must be taught in school curriculum.	Religion should be tantamount to science.	By banning religious symbols you are banning people from expressing their diverse views.	Children should be taught truthfullt and freely.	Creationism in school curricula
Schools should accept different points of view.	Religious schools can teach creationism if that is that is their religion's belief.	Children should know these things from a young age.	The idea that creationists reject mutation or natural selection is ridiculous.	Creationism in school curricula
Parents should teach teir beliefs to their children.	Freedom of speech does not include the freedom to preach lies as fact.	Public education should only focus on evolution.	God made science.	Creationism in school curricula
Freedom of Speech should be allowed for others and a person of common sense and decency will not abuse this right.	Teachers should have a certain curricula to follow what to teach to children.	Children should have their own choice to learn what they want.	The theory of evolution is a very solid theory that the vast majority of scientists agree upon.	Creationism in school curricula
All theories should be taught in school.	Teaching evolution exclusively is dangerous to science and reason.	Attempts to conceal the creationism-evolution controversy from students are dogmatic promotions of evolution.	Creationism should not be tought in a classroom because it goes against some beliefs.	Creationism in school curricula
The children should know about this.	Freedom of speech should apply to everyone in schools.	Only teaching evolution is pushing students to think there are no other beliefs.	Parents should teach the creationism in house too.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism should not be denied by those who do not believe and evolution as science and verifiable fact should be accepted teaching as well.	All the kids should have the option to choose their religion.	Everyone has the right to worship his beliefs.	Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they wish as fact.	Creationism in school curricula
Teachers should not be able to teach students stuff that the students may not believe.	Teachers should not be allowed to teach whatever they wish.	Our schools should teach facts, not beliefs.	Religon must be taught in school.	Creationism in school curricula
Children are pliable.	Children should be taught truthfullt and freely.	Creationism should be taught in school but so should evolution.	God made science.	Creationism in school curricula
Education on religion must come from the home mainly.	Freedom of speech should apply to everyone in schools.	We should not combine schools and religion.	Our schools should teach facts, not beliefs.	Creationism in school curricula
Students should be able to learn what they are comfortable learning.	Religious symbols should not be allowed in schools.	Children should know these things from a young age.	Religion belongs in church and at home, not in the federally-funded school system.	Creationism in school curricula
Evolution should be the predominant discipline taught.	There should be freedom of speech among students.	We should not ban religion signs in schools.	Teaching only evolution does not discriminate religious people.	Creationism in school curricula
Only teaching evolution is pushing students to think there are no other beliefs.	Teachers should have a certain curricula to follow what to teach to children.	Creationism should not be tought in a classroom because it goes against some beliefs.	Public education should only focus on evolution.	Creationism in school curricula
Children should have the freedom to decide if they want to learn about either creationism or evolution or both.	We must separate church and state.	Extremists should be banned from schools.	Public schools must adhere to fact.	Creationism in school curricula
Freedom of speech should apply to teachers as much as anyone else.	We are a multicultural society. Differences in the way people choose to live should be taught in the classroom.	Parents should teach teir beliefs to their children.	The school board should decide on a curriculum for all teachers to follow.	Creationism in school curricula
Everyone has the right to worship his beliefs.	Creationism must be taught in school curriculum.	People in schools should not be made fun of for their religion.	Teaching creationism's truth is necessary in upholding the truth of the Bible.	Creationism in school curricula
People should be able to choose their own religion.	Give students the freedom to choose but do not teach them creationism.	Religious education should stay in the church and home.	Freedom of expression is vital to our liberties.	Creationism in school curricula
By leaving religion out of the classroom, we respect the plurality of contrary views.	Atheists should be banned from schools.	Multiculturalism encourages the teachings of all cultures and beliefs.	Separation of church and state: The words SEPARATION and CHURCH are not in the US Constitution.	Creationism in school curricula
All theories should be taught in school.	Creationism is unscientific.	The theory of evolution is a very solid theory that the vast majority of scientists agree upon.	Our school kids deserve the right to hear about creation in school.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion should be tantamount to science.	Creationism should include just Christian beliefs versus evolution.	Teaching Creationism is helpful.	Teachers should not be allowed to teach whatever they wish.	Creationism in school curricula
Childrens should have the option to participate or not in the religious activities on school.	Teachers should be able to say what they think as mentors.	Parents should have a say in what they want their children tought.	Religion should not be enforced in schools but should be taught.	Creationism in school curricula
Freedom of speech does not include the freedom to preach lies as fact.	Allowing students the right to learn bothevolution and creationism opens their minds to understanding the views of others.	By banning religious symbols you are banning people from expressing their diverse views.	Teaching creationism as well as evolution gives students freedom to choose.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism in school curricula should be full enforced.	Everyone should be free of thought.	Teaching fact, which can include Bible writings, should be the norm.	The uniqueness that each student brings to the classroom should be celebrated by allowing each student the opportunity to show and tell anything - including their AWANA book, a Bible, the Koran, a hajib, etc.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism should be taught at home only.	There should not be seperation between state and relegion.	Students should have the freedom to learn creationism if they wish.	Teachers should adhere to the curriculum provided by the school district.	Creationism in school curricula
Students should have a choice of what they want to be tought.	Children are pliable.	Children should learn religion at home, not in school.	The teachers should take a poll on whether to teach creationism.	Creationism in school curricula
Freedom of religion is protected by the consitution.	Religious schools can teach creationism if that is that is their religion's belief.	Proponents of creationism only want their own religion taught in schools, no one else's.	Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they want to teach to children.	Creationism in school curricula
Secularism should be strictly enforced in schools.	Freedom of Speech should be allowed for others and a person of common sense and decency will not abuse this right.	Evolution is accepted science.	Creationism is not taught in school because it violates separation of church and state.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion has no place in education.	Creationism is not backed by science.	Teaching evolution exclusively is dangerous to science and reason.	Religious symbols do not have a place in public schools.	Creationism in school curricula
Scince always must be first.	Religon must be taught in school.	Parents should help teachers with chats at home.	Public opinion is unimportant to whether creationism belongs in science classes.	Creationism in school curricula
Knowing about Creationism is important.	Help open to different opinions.	Teachers should teach all viewpoints on evolution and creationism in school.	Students also hear the about creation and be presented with evidence for creation.	Creationism in school curricula
Children have the freedom to choose.	Attempts to conceal the creationism-evolution controversy from students are dogmatic promotions of evolution.	Religion should not be in schools.	Each person should be free to choose what to believe in.	Creationism in school curricula
Not eveyrone is interested in religion.	Schools should accept different points of view.	Teachers should not force students to learn evolution.	All the kids should have the option to choose their religion.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism can be mentioned in school as something some people believe.	Teachers should teach creationism and evolution to broaden the students minds.	Science must be taught in detail, not creationism which lacks any kind of facts.	Teachers should not be able to teach students stuff that the students may not believe.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion has no place in a school.	Inclusion is always better than seclusion.	Schools can imply either a myopic or anti-religious outlook.	Every body must be free to choose.	Creationism in school curricula
Freedom to choose without discrimination must be done.	Religion should not be imposed.	Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they wish as fact.	Children should have the freedom not to be misled.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion belief should be respected.	People who want their kids to learn creationism can send their kids to a Christian school.	Education should broaden our horizons. Showing the differences between evolution and creationism allows each student to choose.	If creationism is taught, then everyone others belief system should be taught.	Creationism in school curricula
An additional educational subject could be included for this topic.	Children have the right to choose their own religion in their school.	Scientific fact only should be taught in school.	Creationism is a first amendement right.	Creationism in school curricula
People should be allowed to wear any religious symbols they choose.	The idea that creationists reject mutation or natural selection is ridiculous.	Creationism is a good method that should be applied in all schools.	Many people believe in creationism.	Creationism in school curricula
The theory of evolution has many inconcistencies.	People should be able to express their religion through symbols even at schools.	Parents should teach the creationism in house too.	Children should have their own choice to learn what they want.	Creationism in school curricula
The children should know about this.	Christian religion should be promoted in schools.	Teaching creationism improves social union.	Religion and education must be kept separate.	Creationism in school curricula
Teachers who wished to present a balanced approach to this particular hypothesis should be free.	Creationism should not be denied by those who do not believe and evolution as science and verifiable fact should be accepted teaching as well.	Schools should accept different points of view.	The children should know about this.	Creationism in school curricula
Allowing students the right to learn bothevolution and creationism opens their minds to understanding the views of others.	Freedom of speech does not include the freedom to preach lies as fact.	We must separate church and state.	Students also hear the about creation and be presented with evidence for creation.	Creationism in school curricula
There should be freedom of speech among students.	Religon must be taught in school.	Religion and education must be kept separate.	Help open to different opinions.	Creationism in school curricula
God made science.	Scientific fact only should be taught in school.	An additional educational subject could be included for this topic.	Evolution is accepted science.	Creationism in school curricula
All the kids should have the option to choose their religion.	Children should have the freedom to decide if they want to learn about either creationism or evolution or both.	Religion should not be imposed.	Teaching Creationism is helpful.	Creationism in school curricula
Teachers should be able to say what they think as mentors.	Teaching fact, which can include Bible writings, should be the norm.	Students should be able to learn what they are comfortable learning.	Freedom to choose without discrimination must be done.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion should be tantamount to science.	Freedom of religion is protected by the consitution.	Teaching creationism's truth is necessary in upholding the truth of the Bible.	Children should be taught truthfullt and freely.	Creationism in school curricula
Extremists should be banned from schools.	Creationism should not be tought in a classroom because it goes against some beliefs.	Public opinion is unimportant to whether creationism belongs in science classes.	Freedom of Speech should be allowed for others and a person of common sense and decency will not abuse this right.	Creationism in school curricula
People who want their kids to learn creationism can send their kids to a Christian school.	Teaching creationism improves social union.	Children are pliable.	Our school kids deserve the right to hear about creation in school.	Creationism in school curricula
Many people believe in creationism.	Children have the freedom to choose.	Teachers should teach all viewpoints on evolution and creationism in school.	Creationism in school curricula should be full enforced.	Creationism in school curricula
Childrens should have the option to participate or not in the religious activities on school.	The uniqueness that each student brings to the classroom should be celebrated by allowing each student the opportunity to show and tell anything - including their AWANA book, a Bible, the Koran, a hajib, etc.	The idea that creationists reject mutation or natural selection is ridiculous.	Scince always must be first.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion belief should be respected.	People should be allowed to wear any religious symbols they choose.	Multiculturalism encourages the teachings of all cultures and beliefs.	Freedom of expression is vital to our liberties.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism can be mentioned in school as something some people believe.	Children should know these things from a young age.	Evolution should be the predominant discipline taught.	The school board should decide on a curriculum for all teachers to follow.	Creationism in school curricula
Public education should only focus on evolution.	Teaching only evolution does not discriminate religious people.	Teachers should teach creationism and evolution to broaden the students minds.	Students should have a choice of what they want to be tought.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism should be taught in school but so should evolution.	Only teaching evolution is pushing students to think there are no other beliefs.	The teachers should take a poll on whether to teach creationism.	Religion has no place in education.	Creationism in school curricula
Teachers should not force students to learn evolution.	Parents should teach the creationism in house too.	Proponents of creationism only want their own religion taught in schools, no one else's.	Atheists should be banned from schools.	Creationism in school curricula
We should not ban religion signs in schools.	Freedom of speech should apply to everyone in schools.	Children should have their own choice to learn what they want.	Teachers should not be allowed to teach whatever they wish.	Creationism in school curricula
Children should have the freedom not to be misled.	Creationism should not be denied by those who do not believe and evolution as science and verifiable fact should be accepted teaching as well.	Creationism is a good method that should be applied in all schools.	Creationism is not backed by science.	Creationism in school curricula
Teachers should adhere to the curriculum provided by the school district.	By banning religious symbols you are banning people from expressing their diverse views.	Religious symbols do not have a place in public schools.	Creationism is unscientific.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism should be taught at home only.	Parents should help teachers with chats at home.	Children should learn religion at home, not in school.	Our schools should teach facts, not beliefs.	Creationism in school curricula
Teachers should have a certain curricula to follow what to teach to children.	All theories should be taught in school.	Teachers who wished to present a balanced approach to this particular hypothesis should be free.	Not eveyrone is interested in religion.	Creationism in school curricula
Separation of church and state: The words SEPARATION and CHURCH are not in the US Constitution.	Teaching evolution exclusively is dangerous to science and reason.	Education on religion must come from the home mainly.	Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they want to teach to children.	Creationism in school curricula
Attempts to conceal the creationism-evolution controversy from students are dogmatic promotions of evolution.	Schools can imply either a myopic or anti-religious outlook.	Education should broaden our horizons. Showing the differences between evolution and creationism allows each student to choose.	We are a multicultural society. Differences in the way people choose to live should be taught in the classroom.	Creationism in school curricula
The theory of evolution is a very solid theory that the vast majority of scientists agree upon.	Teachers should not be able to teach students stuff that the students may not believe.	Each person should be free to choose what to believe in.	Every body must be free to choose.	Creationism in school curricula
There should not be seperation between state and relegion.	Christian religion should be promoted in schools.	Public schools must adhere to fact.	Science must be taught in detail, not creationism which lacks any kind of facts.	Creationism in school curricula
By leaving religion out of the classroom, we respect the plurality of contrary views.	Students should have the freedom to learn creationism if they wish.	Teaching creationism as well as evolution gives students freedom to choose.	People in schools should not be made fun of for their religion.	Creationism in school curricula
If creationism is taught, then everyone others belief system should be taught.	Freedom of speech should apply to teachers as much as anyone else.	Everyone should be free of thought.	Knowing about Creationism is important.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion has no place in a school.	Inclusion is always better than seclusion.	Everyone has the right to worship his beliefs.	People should be able to express their religion through symbols even at schools.	Creationism in school curricula
We should not combine schools and religion.	Religion should not be enforced in schools but should be taught.	Creationism must be taught in school curriculum.	Creationism should include just Christian beliefs versus evolution.	Creationism in school curricula
Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they wish as fact.	Children have the right to choose their own religion in their school.	Give students the freedom to choose but do not teach them creationism.	Parents should teach teir beliefs to their children.	Creationism in school curricula
People should be able to choose their own religion.	Creationism is not taught in school because it violates separation of church and state.	Secularism should be strictly enforced in schools.	Religious education should stay in the church and home.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism is a first amendement right.	Parents should have a say in what they want their children tought.	Religious schools can teach creationism if that is that is their religion's belief.	Religious symbols should not be allowed in schools.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion should not be in schools.	The theory of evolution has many inconcistencies.	Religion belongs in church and at home, not in the federally-funded school system.	Religion should be tantamount to science.	Creationism in school curricula
Each person should be free to choose what to believe in.	Public schools must adhere to fact.	Students should be able to learn what they are comfortable learning.	Our school kids deserve the right to hear about creation in school.	Creationism in school curricula
By banning religious symbols you are banning people from expressing their diverse views.	Every body must be free to choose.	Children have the freedom to choose.	Children should learn religion at home, not in school.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism should be taught at home only.	Religious symbols do not have a place in public schools.	Teaching only evolution does not discriminate religious people.	Teachers should not force students to learn evolution.	Creationism in school curricula
Evolution should be the predominant discipline taught.	People should be able to express their religion through symbols even at schools.	Children should have the freedom not to be misled.	We must separate church and state.	Creationism in school curricula
Teaching Creationism is helpful.	Children should have their own choice to learn what they want.	Teaching creationism improves social union.	Religious schools can teach creationism if that is that is their religion's belief.	Creationism in school curricula
Freedom of Speech should be allowed for others and a person of common sense and decency will not abuse this right.	The idea that creationists reject mutation or natural selection is ridiculous.	Children should have the freedom to decide if they want to learn about either creationism or evolution or both.	Freedom of religion is protected by the consitution.	Creationism in school curricula
Freedom of speech should apply to everyone in schools.	Inclusion is always better than seclusion.	Children have the right to choose their own religion in their school.	All theories should be taught in school.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism is unscientific.	Scince always must be first.	We should not ban religion signs in schools.	Creationism is a good method that should be applied in all schools.	Creationism in school curricula
An additional educational subject could be included for this topic.	Allowing students the right to learn bothevolution and creationism opens their minds to understanding the views of others.	Parents should have a say in what they want their children tought.	Freedom of speech should apply to teachers as much as anyone else.	Creationism in school curricula
Students should have a choice of what they want to be tought.	Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they want to teach to children.	Education on religion must come from the home mainly.	Children should be taught truthfullt and freely.	Creationism in school curricula
Parents should teach the creationism in house too.	God made science.	We are a multicultural society. Differences in the way people choose to live should be taught in the classroom.	Teachers should adhere to the curriculum provided by the school district.	Creationism in school curricula
Parents should help teachers with chats at home.	Religion belief should be respected.	Everyone has the right to worship his beliefs.	By leaving religion out of the classroom, we respect the plurality of contrary views.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion and education must be kept separate.	Evolution is accepted science.	Teachers should be able to say what they think as mentors.	The theory of evolution is a very solid theory that the vast majority of scientists agree upon.	Creationism in school curricula
Extremists should be banned from schools.	Freedom of expression is vital to our liberties.	Religon must be taught in school.	If creationism is taught, then everyone others belief system should be taught.	Creationism in school curricula
We should not combine schools and religion.	Students should have the freedom to learn creationism if they wish.	Religious education should stay in the church and home.	Teachers should teach all viewpoints on evolution and creationism in school.	Creationism in school curricula
Teaching fact, which can include Bible writings, should be the norm.	Childrens should have the option to participate or not in the religious activities on school.	Children should know these things from a young age.	Students also hear the about creation and be presented with evidence for creation.	Creationism in school curricula
Christian religion should be promoted in schools.	People should be able to choose their own religion.	Religion belongs in church and at home, not in the federally-funded school system.	Parents should teach teir beliefs to their children.	Creationism in school curricula
Give students the freedom to choose but do not teach them creationism.	The uniqueness that each student brings to the classroom should be celebrated by allowing each student the opportunity to show and tell anything - including their AWANA book, a Bible, the Koran, a hajib, etc.	Attempts to conceal the creationism-evolution controversy from students are dogmatic promotions of evolution.	Teachers should not be allowed to teach whatever they wish.	Creationism in school curricula
Our schools should teach facts, not beliefs.	Creationism should not be denied by those who do not believe and evolution as science and verifiable fact should be accepted teaching as well.	People should be allowed to wear any religious symbols they choose.	The theory of evolution has many inconcistencies.	Creationism in school curricula
Only teaching evolution is pushing students to think there are no other beliefs.	Teachers who wished to present a balanced approach to this particular hypothesis should be free.	Religious symbols should not be allowed in schools.	Religion has no place in education.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion has no place in a school.	Multiculturalism encourages the teachings of all cultures and beliefs.	Teaching creationism's truth is necessary in upholding the truth of the Bible.	Secularism should be strictly enforced in schools.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion should not be imposed.	Creationism must be taught in school curriculum.	Creationism in school curricula should be full enforced.	Creationism is not backed by science.	Creationism in school curricula
Public education should only focus on evolution.	The school board should decide on a curriculum for all teachers to follow.	Public opinion is unimportant to whether creationism belongs in science classes.	There should be freedom of speech among students.	Creationism in school curricula
Help open to different opinions.	Education should broaden our horizons. Showing the differences between evolution and creationism allows each student to choose.	Knowing about Creationism is important.	Creationism is a first amendement right.	Creationism in school curricula
Teaching creationism as well as evolution gives students freedom to choose.	Proponents of creationism only want their own religion taught in schools, no one else's.	Teachers should not be able to teach students stuff that the students may not believe.	Not eveyrone is interested in religion.	Creationism in school curricula
Freedom to choose without discrimination must be done.	Creationism should include just Christian beliefs versus evolution.	Creationism should be taught in school but so should evolution.	All the kids should have the option to choose their religion.	Creationism in school curricula
There should not be seperation between state and relegion.	Everyone should be free of thought.	Children are pliable.	Teachers should teach creationism and evolution to broaden the students minds.	Creationism in school curricula
Creationism is not taught in school because it violates separation of church and state.	Creationism should not be tought in a classroom because it goes against some beliefs.	The children should know about this.	The teachers should take a poll on whether to teach creationism.	Creationism in school curricula
Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they wish as fact.	Teachers should have a certain curricula to follow what to teach to children.	Religion should not be in schools.	People who want their kids to learn creationism can send their kids to a Christian school.	Creationism in school curricula
Religion should not be enforced in schools but should be taught.	Schools can imply either a myopic or anti-religious outlook.	Science must be taught in detail, not creationism which lacks any kind of facts.	Scientific fact only should be taught in school.	Creationism in school curricula
Freedom of speech does not include the freedom to preach lies as fact.	Separation of church and state: The words SEPARATION and CHURCH are not in the US Constitution.	Creationism can be mentioned in school as something some people believe.	Schools should accept different points of view.	Creationism in school curricula
Atheists should be banned from schools.	Many people believe in creationism.	Teaching evolution exclusively is dangerous to science and reason.	People in schools should not be made fun of for their religion.	Creationism in school curricula
Foreign aid is to promote peace and good relations.	Foreign aid from one country should not be borrowed by the giver as this is senseless.	We should clearly know where our funding is going and why.	It is needed to aid ourselves before aid foreigner.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is important.	Foreign aid helps those in crises.	The U.S. should stay focused on solving its own problems.	Foreign Aid is too expensive.	Foreign Aid
We should consider helping more than attacking.	We need to assess foreign aid and how it can be spent more effectivly.	US should focus less on the army and focus more on aid.	Helping is always a good example.	Foreign Aid
The need to borrow fund to allow others to borrow funds is ridiculous.	The focus should be on aid, not trade.	Foreign Aid helps form new potential allies.	Foreign aid should be limited to develop basic infrastructure.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should be based on need, not promoting u.s. interests.	Methods need to be in place to ensure foreign aid is being sent to what it was intended for.	Foreign helps promote peace.	Trade should receive more attention rather than focusing on aid.	Foreign Aid
We should focus on helping ourselves first before providing aid.	US should put a limit to the Foreign Aid.	More foreign aid should be sent to countries in need.	The US should think more before they spend aid.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is necessary in order to maintain a good rapport with other countries.	We need to focus on ourselves before others.	The foreign aid budget should be made more effective and transparent.	Foreign aid should be encouraged.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid helps improve education in third world countries.	Foreign aid should be increased, especially following natural disasters around the world.	Foreign aid should not contribute to our debt.	Transparency in all aspects of foreign aid should be a right bestowed by the people of the country providing aid.	Foreign Aid
The government should help less privileged country.	Foreign aid could improve the diplomatic relationships.	The US should not provide aid to countries that are against American ideals.	Foreign aid decreases the spread of AIDS in Africa.	Foreign Aid
The country already has too much debt to afford helping other countries.	Helping the poor to survive.	It is the U.S.'s duty to support other countries.	The U.S. should take care of its own first.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aids uplift corruption.	Foreign aid does not go to the people because of corruption.	Stop borrowing money and raise tax payers dollars.	There should be more funding of foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
The budget for foreign aid should be more effective.	Defence assistance can help teach way to fend for one's country for future prosperity.	We should be working to help countries become self sufficient.	The foreign aid budget should be made transparent.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid can lead to further difficulties for both countries.	America is way better off financially than most countries of the world.	Foreign aid ends up funding terrorism.	Spending should focus on defence rather than aid.	Foreign Aid
It is our duty to help other humans.	Foreign aid lead to further difficulties for both countries.	US should stop foreign aid and think America first.	The U.S. should only help countries that have helped the U.S. at one time or another.	Foreign Aid
The us needs to track better the use of the foreign aid.	Private charities are more effective than foreign aid.	Foreign aid ends up in the hands of despots.	People have the right to know where there taxes are going and why.	Foreign Aid
The foreign aid budget should be made more effective.	Foreign aid help other nations fight drugs and other problems like HIV/AIDS.	We should focus on Foreign Aid rather than defense.	Trade and aid should be equal considerations.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is beneficial to involved countries, the donor and recipient.	We need a more efficient budget for foreign aid.	Foreign aid helps developing countries stay politically stable.	Can help great strides in the future.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should be a collective system.	Foreign aid should be focused on African countries.	Foreign aid should be time limited to prevent dependence.	One must measure to what extent united states can help another country.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should be emphasised.	Foreign aid is good for business.	We should rethink how foreign aid is administered.	US spending should not be on social welfarism of other countries.	Foreign Aid
African need foreign aids.	Foreign Aid is humanitarian act by the US.	Other countries should step up and help themselves.	The us should be helping less fortunate countries.	Foreign Aid
We should give all we can to help countries that need it.	Our country should not borrow money in order to fund foreign aid.	Foreign aid should not be our main focus.	Foreign aid is a voluntary transfer of resources from one country to another.	Foreign Aid
We should not be borrowing to fund foreign aid.	Foreign aid should not provide funds for military actions.	The US should use funding to better the lives of US citizens.	Starving children are helped with foreign aid donations.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid promotes better relationships among countries.	Foreign aid could improve the status of America.	Foreign aid helps allies to become successful nations.	We should be spending money on our own country.	Foreign Aid
Extending foreign aid will help other countries be more independent.	To be independant of other equipping those with the capabilities to defend is a lifelong lesson.	Foreign aid is important to improving the quality of life for international citizens.	The government should destinate some funds to foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
Usa should help itself first.	America should help other Countries that need help.	The US should play a major role in foreign aid.	This issue is about whether the US should be sending foreign aid and how this aid should look like.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aids promotes corruption.	Every developing country needs foreign aid.	Helping other countries will only increase those nations' dependence on the U.S.	The US should limit foreign aid in order to help domestic agendas.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid budget should be more effective.	US spending should focus on defence rather than aid.	The US should not provide aid to countries that violate human rights.	Foreign aid from the us should be used for shelter for less fortunate people.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid from the us should be used to help better the lives of less fortunate people.	It is better to teach those to defend themselves to provide future security and hope.	Foreign trade should be encouraged.	Foreign leaders should be thankful for our help in giving citizens the ability to have clean drinking water.	Foreign Aid
US should give foreign aid if US can get something in return.	Our taxes are being used to Foreign aid.	We should look more closely into how foreign aid is being spent.	The US should continue to provide foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should be corruption free.	Trade can be a great benefactor in help and future trade.	Foreign Aid must be limited to very poor countries.	The lifes of Africa are imparted.	Foreign Aid
US should focus on their own spending habits.	We should increase aid to well established groups like doctors without borders and the peace corps.	The focus of aid should be on securing the lives of other citizens from other countries.	US should make their spending transparent so as to avoid abuse of power.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should not be provided to countries who support terrorism.	Foreign aid helps those who are caught in crises.	The us should not be helping other countries.	Foreign aid does more to improve our relationship with the rest of the world than it costs us.	Foreign Aid
The US shouldn't be borrowing money at all.	The focus should be on trade not on aid.	There are many countries that require foreign aid.	Foreign aid is necessary to preventing the spread of global pandemics.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should have a portion set aside for countries suffering national disasters.	Foreign aids can save lives.	It is best to make grow instead of Aid.	Foreign economies flourish thanks to foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
The focus should be on improving trade unions with other countries.	The Us is losing money because of the Aid.	Foreign aid should be a source of help.	Foreign aid can help with social issues.	Foreign Aid
The focus should be on helping other countries.	Foreign aid should concentrate on sustainable development.	We spend too much on foreign aid.	Foreign aid should be limited to countries who will accept humanitarian relief without strings attached.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is useful in general.	The foreign aid can be expensive for taxpayers.	The foreign aid can help ease poverty in poor countries.	The focus should be on the development of other countries.	Foreign Aid
We need to budget more closely on foreign aid.	Foreign aid promotes better relationships between countries.	Foreign aid is a voluntary transfer of resources from one country to another.	Foreign economies flourish thanks to foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
We should look more closely into how foreign aid is being spent.	Foreign aid helps those who are caught in crises.	We should increase aid to well established groups like doctors without borders and the peace corps.	The U.S. should only help countries that have helped the U.S. at one time or another.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid does not go to the people because of corruption.	Foreign aid should concentrate on sustainable development.	Foreign aid helps allies to become successful nations.	Foreign aid should be limited to develop basic infrastructure.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aids can save lives.	Foreign aid should be emphasised.	The government should destinate some funds to foreign aid.	The US shouldn't be borrowing money at all.	Foreign Aid
The lifes of Africa are imparted.	Foreign aid should not provide funds for military actions.	Foreign aids uplift corruption.	US should make their spending transparent so as to avoid abuse of power.	Foreign Aid
It is the U.S.'s duty to support other countries.	We should consider helping more than attacking.	US should put a limit to the Foreign Aid.	Foreign Aid is too expensive.	Foreign Aid
US should focus less on the army and focus more on aid.	Every developing country needs foreign aid.	The focus should be on improving trade unions with other countries.	We should focus on Foreign Aid rather than defense.	Foreign Aid
We should be spending money on our own country.	Foreign aid from one country should not be borrowed by the giver as this is senseless.	Foreign aid budget should be more effective.	More foreign aid should be sent to countries in need.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid promotes better relationships among countries.	The government should help less privileged country.	The foreign aid budget should be made more effective.	Helping the poor to survive.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is beneficial to involved countries, the donor and recipient.	We should not be borrowing to fund foreign aid.	Foreign aid should be limited to countries who will accept humanitarian relief without strings attached.	Foreign aid is to promote peace and good relations.	Foreign Aid
To be independant of other equipping those with the capabilities to defend is a lifelong lesson.	Foreign aid ends up funding terrorism.	Foreign aid is important to improving the quality of life for international citizens.	The US should not provide aid to countries that are against American ideals.	Foreign Aid
Foreign trade should be encouraged.	Foreign Aid must be limited to very poor countries.	People have the right to know where there taxes are going and why.	We should clearly know where our funding is going and why.	Foreign Aid
US should stop foreign aid and think America first.	The foreign aid budget should be made transparent.	Trade should receive more attention rather than focusing on aid.	Foreign aid lead to further difficulties for both countries.	Foreign Aid
We need a more efficient budget for foreign aid.	Foreign aid should have a portion set aside for countries suffering national disasters.	Foreign aid should not be provided to countries who support terrorism.	Foreign aid should not contribute to our debt.	Foreign Aid
It is needed to aid ourselves before aid foreigner.	The country already has too much debt to afford helping other countries.	Foreign aid helps those in crises.	US spending should not be on social welfarism of other countries.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is necessary to preventing the spread of global pandemics.	Foreign aid decreases the spread of AIDS in Africa.	Foreign aid helps developing countries stay politically stable.	America is way better off financially than most countries of the world.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid promotes better relationships between countries.	We need to assess foreign aid and how it can be spent more effectivly.	The us needs to track better the use of the foreign aid.	Foreign aid from the us should be used for shelter for less fortunate people.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid could improve the status of America.	The us should be helping less fortunate countries.	We need to budget more closely on foreign aid.	We spend too much on foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aids promotes corruption.	One must measure to what extent united states can help another country.	Our country should not borrow money in order to fund foreign aid.	US should give foreign aid if US can get something in return.	Foreign Aid
Defence assistance can help teach way to fend for one's country for future prosperity.	There should be more funding of foreign aid.	Foreign aid should be a source of help.	Foreign aid can lead to further difficulties for both countries.	Foreign Aid
Extending foreign aid will help other countries be more independent.	Foreign aid should be corruption free.	Other countries should step up and help themselves.	Foreign aid help other nations fight drugs and other problems like HIV/AIDS.	Foreign Aid
The focus should be on aid, not trade.	African need foreign aids.	Trade can be a great benefactor in help and future trade.	We should give all we can to help countries that need it.	Foreign Aid
It is better to teach those to defend themselves to provide future security and hope.	Foreign aid helps improve education in third world countries.	Helping other countries will only increase those nations' dependence on the U.S.	The foreign aid budget should be made more effective and transparent.	Foreign Aid
The US should limit foreign aid in order to help domestic agendas.	The us should not be helping other countries.	Foreign Aid helps form new potential allies.	Helping is always a good example.	Foreign Aid
Foreign leaders should be thankful for our help in giving citizens the ability to have clean drinking water.	Can help great strides in the future.	The U.S. should take care of its own first.	Foreign aid could improve the diplomatic relationships.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid ends up in the hands of despots.	Foreign aid from the us should be used to help better the lives of less fortunate people.	The U.S. should stay focused on solving its own problems.	The US should continue to provide foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is useful in general.	The need to borrow fund to allow others to borrow funds is ridiculous.	The budget for foreign aid should be more effective.	Foreign aid should be focused on African countries.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should not be our main focus.	It is best to make grow instead of Aid.	US spending should focus on defence rather than aid.	Foreign aid does more to improve our relationship with the rest of the world than it costs us.	Foreign Aid
It is our duty to help other humans.	Foreign aid should be increased, especially following natural disasters around the world.	The US should not provide aid to countries that violate human rights.	America should help other Countries that need help.	Foreign Aid
Foreign helps promote peace.	The focus should be on the development of other countries.	The focus of aid should be on securing the lives of other citizens from other countries.	Foreign aid should be based on need, not promoting u.s. interests.	Foreign Aid
Stop borrowing money and raise tax payers dollars.	The foreign aid can help ease poverty in poor countries.	This issue is about whether the US should be sending foreign aid and how this aid should look like.	The US should play a major role in foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
Transparency in all aspects of foreign aid should be a right bestowed by the people of the country providing aid.	Usa should help itself first.	Foreign Aid is humanitarian act by the US.	Foreign aid can help with social issues.	Foreign Aid
The focus should be on helping other countries.	The US should use funding to better the lives of US citizens.	Foreign aid is necessary in order to maintain a good rapport with other countries.	The Us is losing money because of the Aid.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is important.	The US should think more before they spend aid.	Starving children are helped with foreign aid donations.	Methods need to be in place to ensure foreign aid is being sent to what it was intended for.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should be encouraged.	There are many countries that require foreign aid.	Trade and aid should be equal considerations.	We should focus on helping ourselves first before providing aid.	Foreign Aid
We need to focus on ourselves before others.	Foreign aid should be a collective system.	We should be working to help countries become self sufficient.	The foreign aid can be expensive for taxpayers.	Foreign Aid
We should rethink how foreign aid is administered.	Spending should focus on defence rather than aid.	The focus should be on trade not on aid.	Foreign aid is good for business.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should be time limited to prevent dependence.	Our taxes are being used to Foreign aid.	US should focus on their own spending habits.	Private charities are more effective than foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
The foreign aid can help ease poverty in poor countries.	Foreign aid should concentrate on sustainable development.	Foreign Aid must be limited to very poor countries.	Foreign aid helps developing countries stay politically stable.	Foreign Aid
America should help other Countries that need help.	Usa should help itself first.	We should consider helping more than attacking.	It is best to make grow instead of Aid.	Foreign Aid
US spending should focus on defence rather than aid.	Foreign aid is important to improving the quality of life for international citizens.	US should focus less on the army and focus more on aid.	Foreign aid should be limited to develop basic infrastructure.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should not be provided to countries who support terrorism.	Foreign leaders should be thankful for our help in giving citizens the ability to have clean drinking water.	There should be more funding of foreign aid.	The U.S. should only help countries that have helped the U.S. at one time or another.	Foreign Aid
The U.S. should stay focused on solving its own problems.	The focus should be on the development of other countries.	The US shouldn't be borrowing money at all.	Foreign aid should be encouraged.	Foreign Aid
It is better to teach those to defend themselves to provide future security and hope.	More foreign aid should be sent to countries in need.	Trade should receive more attention rather than focusing on aid.	Foreign economies flourish thanks to foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
The country already has too much debt to afford helping other countries.	We should be working to help countries become self sufficient.	The foreign aid budget should be made more effective and transparent.	Our taxes are being used to Foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
We should give all we can to help countries that need it.	One must measure to what extent united states can help another country.	The foreign aid can be expensive for taxpayers.	Foreign aid promotes better relationships between countries.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is necessary in order to maintain a good rapport with other countries.	Foreign aid does not go to the people because of corruption.	The focus should be on aid, not trade.	Foreign aid lead to further difficulties for both countries.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should be based on need, not promoting u.s. interests.	US should make their spending transparent so as to avoid abuse of power.	The Us is losing money because of the Aid.	The us should not be helping other countries.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should not contribute to our debt.	The US should continue to provide foreign aid.	The us should be helping less fortunate countries.	African need foreign aids.	Foreign Aid
We spend too much on foreign aid.	Foreign aid helps allies to become successful nations.	Foreign aid is a voluntary transfer of resources from one country to another.	Foreign aid decreases the spread of AIDS in Africa.	Foreign Aid
The budget for foreign aid should be more effective.	Foreign aid ends up in the hands of despots.	Foreign aid could improve the diplomatic relationships.	To be independant of other equipping those with the capabilities to defend is a lifelong lesson.	Foreign Aid
Defence assistance can help teach way to fend for one's country for future prosperity.	Foreign trade should be encouraged.	The US should limit foreign aid in order to help domestic agendas.	We need to assess foreign aid and how it can be spent more effectivly.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aids uplift corruption.	Foreign Aid is humanitarian act by the US.	Foreign aid budget should be more effective.	Foreign aids can save lives.	Foreign Aid
We need a more efficient budget for foreign aid.	Foreign aid can lead to further difficulties for both countries.	Spending should focus on defence rather than aid.	Foreign aid from the us should be used to help better the lives of less fortunate people.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid help other nations fight drugs and other problems like HIV/AIDS.	The focus of aid should be on securing the lives of other citizens from other countries.	The focus should be on improving trade unions with other countries.	The foreign aid budget should be made transparent.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid helps those who are caught in crises.	Foreign aid is to promote peace and good relations.	Foreign aid should be a collective system.	Foreign aid should be corruption free.	Foreign Aid
We should increase aid to well established groups like doctors without borders and the peace corps.	We should clearly know where our funding is going and why.	We should focus on helping ourselves first before providing aid.	Foreign aid should be time limited to prevent dependence.	Foreign Aid
The lifes of Africa are imparted.	Foreign aid is useful in general.	Foreign aid should be increased, especially following natural disasters around the world.	Methods need to be in place to ensure foreign aid is being sent to what it was intended for.	Foreign Aid
We should be spending money on our own country.	This issue is about whether the US should be sending foreign aid and how this aid should look like.	Foreign aid from one country should not be borrowed by the giver as this is senseless.	The foreign aid budget should be made more effective.	Foreign Aid
The focus should be on trade not on aid.	People have the right to know where there taxes are going and why.	US should give foreign aid if US can get something in return.	Trade and aid should be equal considerations.	Foreign Aid
The us needs to track better the use of the foreign aid.	Foreign aid should be a source of help.	The US should play a major role in foreign aid.	Foreign aid ends up funding terrorism.	Foreign Aid
We should rethink how foreign aid is administered.	It is the U.S.'s duty to support other countries.	Every developing country needs foreign aid.	Foreign aid is important.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is good for business.	US should put a limit to the Foreign Aid.	Starving children are helped with foreign aid donations.	America is way better off financially than most countries of the world.	Foreign Aid
Can help great strides in the future.	Foreign aid should be emphasised.	Foreign aid helps those in crises.	Foreign aid promotes better relationships among countries.	Foreign Aid
Private charities are more effective than foreign aid.	US spending should not be on social welfarism of other countries.	Transparency in all aspects of foreign aid should be a right bestowed by the people of the country providing aid.	US should stop foreign aid and think America first.	Foreign Aid
There are many countries that require foreign aid.	Foreign aid from the us should be used for shelter for less fortunate people.	Foreign aid can help with social issues.	Our country should not borrow money in order to fund foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
Other countries should step up and help themselves.	Foreign Aid is too expensive.	Trade can be a great benefactor in help and future trade.	We need to budget more closely on foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
It is needed to aid ourselves before aid foreigner.	The US should use funding to better the lives of US citizens.	The government should destinate some funds to foreign aid.	The US should think more before they spend aid.	Foreign Aid
The focus should be on helping other countries.	Extending foreign aid will help other countries be more independent.	Foreign Aid helps form new potential allies.	Foreign aid does more to improve our relationship with the rest of the world than it costs us.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should have a portion set aside for countries suffering national disasters.	US should focus on their own spending habits.	Foreign aid should be focused on African countries.	Foreign aid could improve the status of America.	Foreign Aid
We should focus on Foreign Aid rather than defense.	We should look more closely into how foreign aid is being spent.	We should not be borrowing to fund foreign aid.	The need to borrow fund to allow others to borrow funds is ridiculous.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid helps improve education in third world countries.	Helping is always a good example.	Foreign aid should not be our main focus.	The government should help less privileged country.	Foreign Aid
The US should not provide aid to countries that are against American ideals.	Helping other countries will only increase those nations' dependence on the U.S.	Foreign aid should not provide funds for military actions.	Foreign aid should be limited to countries who will accept humanitarian relief without strings attached.	Foreign Aid
Helping the poor to survive.	Foreign aid is necessary to preventing the spread of global pandemics.	Foreign aid is beneficial to involved countries, the donor and recipient.	Stop borrowing money and raise tax payers dollars.	Foreign Aid
The US should not provide aid to countries that violate human rights.	Foreign helps promote peace.	Foreign aids promotes corruption.	We need to focus on ourselves before others.	Foreign Aid
The U.S. should take care of its own first.	It is our duty to help other humans.	Foreign aid is necessary to preventing the spread of global pandemics.	Starving children are helped with foreign aid donations.	Foreign Aid
Stop borrowing money and raise tax payers dollars.	Foreign aid should be limited to develop basic infrastructure.	Foreign aid lead to further difficulties for both countries.	Foreign aid should be based on need, not promoting u.s. interests.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is useful in general.	The foreign aid budget should be made more effective and transparent.	The lifes of Africa are imparted.	Trade and aid should be equal considerations.	Foreign Aid
America is way better off financially than most countries of the world.	Foreign aid does not go to the people because of corruption.	The foreign aid budget should be made more effective.	The foreign aid budget should be made transparent.	Foreign Aid
The U.S. should take care of its own first.	Transparency in all aspects of foreign aid should be a right bestowed by the people of the country providing aid.	We should focus on Foreign Aid rather than defense.	We should give all we can to help countries that need it.	Foreign Aid
The foreign aid can be expensive for taxpayers.	We should clearly know where our funding is going and why.	The us should be helping less fortunate countries.	We should be spending money on our own country.	Foreign Aid
We should increase aid to well established groups like doctors without borders and the peace corps.	Methods need to be in place to ensure foreign aid is being sent to what it was intended for.	Foreign aid can lead to further difficulties for both countries.	Foreign aid budget should be more effective.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is a voluntary transfer of resources from one country to another.	The Us is losing money because of the Aid.	The government should help less privileged country.	Foreign aids can save lives.	Foreign Aid
The focus should be on improving trade unions with other countries.	It is better to teach those to defend themselves to provide future security and hope.	The us should not be helping other countries.	Spending should focus on defence rather than aid.	Foreign Aid
Helping is always a good example.	Foreign Aid helps form new potential allies.	Foreign aid is beneficial to involved countries, the donor and recipient.	We need to budget more closely on foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
US should make their spending transparent so as to avoid abuse of power.	Foreign aid should not be provided to countries who support terrorism.	To be independant of other equipping those with the capabilities to defend is a lifelong lesson.	The US should not provide aid to countries that violate human rights.	Foreign Aid
Foreign helps promote peace.	Can help great strides in the future.	Foreign aid should not be our main focus.	US should give foreign aid if US can get something in return.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid is important.	We should consider helping more than attacking.	Foreign Aid must be limited to very poor countries.	Foreign aid could improve the status of America.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should be a collective system.	We should not be borrowing to fund foreign aid.	Our taxes are being used to Foreign aid.	The focus should be on trade not on aid.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid from one country should not be borrowed by the giver as this is senseless.	Foreign aid promotes better relationships between countries.	Trade can be a great benefactor in help and future trade.	America should help other Countries that need help.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should be a source of help.	The U.S. should only help countries that have helped the U.S. at one time or another.	Foreign aids promotes corruption.	The country already has too much debt to afford helping other countries.	Foreign Aid
Our country should not borrow money in order to fund foreign aid.	US should put a limit to the Foreign Aid.	We should look more closely into how foreign aid is being spent.	The focus should be on aid, not trade.	Foreign Aid
Foreign Aid is humanitarian act by the US.	Foreign aid helps those who are caught in crises.	Foreign aid does more to improve our relationship with the rest of the world than it costs us.	This issue is about whether the US should be sending foreign aid and how this aid should look like.	Foreign Aid
The US shouldn't be borrowing money at all.	The focus should be on the development of other countries.	The focus should be on helping other countries.	Foreign aid should be emphasised.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should be increased, especially following natural disasters around the world.	We should rethink how foreign aid is administered.	The US should play a major role in foreign aid.	It is best to make grow instead of Aid.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should be encouraged.	Foreign aid should concentrate on sustainable development.	Foreign aid should be time limited to prevent dependence.	The US should think more before they spend aid.	Foreign Aid
We spend too much on foreign aid.	Foreign economies flourish thanks to foreign aid.	Other countries should step up and help themselves.	Foreign aid is to promote peace and good relations.	Foreign Aid
The need to borrow fund to allow others to borrow funds is ridiculous.	Foreign trade should be encouraged.	Foreign aid from the us should be used for shelter for less fortunate people.	Extending foreign aid will help other countries be more independent.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid could improve the diplomatic relationships.	Foreign aid should not contribute to our debt.	We need to focus on ourselves before others.	People have the right to know where there taxes are going and why.	Foreign Aid
It is the U.S.'s duty to support other countries.	We should focus on helping ourselves first before providing aid.	Defence assistance can help teach way to fend for one's country for future prosperity.	The U.S. should stay focused on solving its own problems.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid helps developing countries stay politically stable.	Helping the poor to survive.	US should stop foreign aid and think America first.	Foreign aid ends up funding terrorism.	Foreign Aid
We need a more efficient budget for foreign aid.	Foreign aid is important to improving the quality of life for international citizens.	Foreign aid is necessary in order to maintain a good rapport with other countries.	Foreign Aid is too expensive.	Foreign Aid
The US should continue to provide foreign aid.	The foreign aid can help ease poverty in poor countries.	The US should use funding to better the lives of US citizens.	Every developing country needs foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
African need foreign aids.	Foreign aid from the us should be used to help better the lives of less fortunate people.	The focus of aid should be on securing the lives of other citizens from other countries.	US should focus less on the army and focus more on aid.	Foreign Aid
Usa should help itself first.	Foreign aid should have a portion set aside for countries suffering national disasters.	Foreign aid help other nations fight drugs and other problems like HIV/AIDS.	Foreign aid promotes better relationships among countries.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid can help with social issues.	Foreign aid helps those in crises.	There should be more funding of foreign aid.	The us needs to track better the use of the foreign aid.	Foreign Aid
The US should not provide aid to countries that are against American ideals.	Foreign aid should be focused on African countries.	US spending should focus on defence rather than aid.	Foreign aid helps improve education in third world countries.	Foreign Aid
The government should destinate some funds to foreign aid.	Helping other countries will only increase those nations' dependence on the U.S.	Trade should receive more attention rather than focusing on aid.	It is our duty to help other humans.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid ends up in the hands of despots.	More foreign aid should be sent to countries in need.	Private charities are more effective than foreign aid.	One must measure to what extent united states can help another country.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid should not provide funds for military actions.	The US should limit foreign aid in order to help domestic agendas.	Foreign leaders should be thankful for our help in giving citizens the ability to have clean drinking water.	Foreign aid is good for business.	Foreign Aid
The budget for foreign aid should be more effective.	Foreign aids uplift corruption.	We need to assess foreign aid and how it can be spent more effectivly.	Foreign aid should be corruption free.	Foreign Aid
Foreign aid helps allies to become successful nations.	There are many countries that require foreign aid.	It is needed to aid ourselves before aid foreigner.	Foreign aid should be limited to countries who will accept humanitarian relief without strings attached.	Foreign Aid
We should be working to help countries become self sufficient.	Foreign aid decreases the spread of AIDS in Africa.	US should focus on their own spending habits.	US spending should not be on social welfarism of other countries.	Foreign Aid
Opportunities should be just as open to women as men.	Women and men have different strengths.	Females are just as capable as males.	Everybody should have the right to live regardless of gender.	Gender Equality
Gender never makes someone look dull instead it makes a person look lively.	Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender to achieve positive economic impact.	Gender equality is not inline with religion.	Education empowers a business and further education among women benefits an employer.	Gender Equality
Gender inequality is the main source of sexual harrasment in various countries.	Abolition of gender discriminating laws.	The bibles role models are dumb and should be discarded.	Gender equality provides empowerment for everyone.	Gender Equality
Women should be able to move up in the workplace without discrimination.	What a man can do a woman can do better.	Females and males are equal.	Everybody should have the right to work regardless of gender.	Gender Equality
You should be judged on who you are not your gender.	Gender equality is desired by the majority of people.	Places don't hire people based on gender.	People shouldn't look at things such as man or woman.	Gender Equality
Every gender should have specific duties and rights.	Gender inequality affects both genders.	Gender should be overlooked when choosing criteria comes in.	Gender inequality must be eliminated.	Gender Equality
Decreasing the importance of women in the workforce does not improve work performances.	When a woman is educated she lifts the community and the nation.	Women are the mothers of the society.	Avoid gender discrimination with campaigns.	Gender Equality
Gender quotas support economic growth.	Women fought hard for rights and should be treated as equals.	Men need women.	Not having good role models make children to fall into crimes.	Gender Equality
Gender equiality is a must.	All people should be treated equally.	Women are often discriminated against in the workforce and that needs to change.	Men and women have innate differences.	Gender Equality
Everyone is equal.	Women should be given a chance like men.	Families were stronger when women stayed home and only the men worked.	Gender discrimination should be frown at.	Gender Equality
Gender equality is against religion.	God created man and woman to be together.	The wage gap is a made up thing.	Gender equality is a global need.	Gender Equality
It is a woman's choice to be educated or a mother.	Gender does not prevent females to do what the want.	Women and men should be treated the same.	There are some jobs that women are better suited for just as there are some jobs men are better suited for.	Gender Equality
Instead of fighting for gender equality, we must fight for gender equity.	Everybody should be treated equally regardless of gender.	The society has to understand that women are equal to men.	Women should have more access to affordable childcare.	Gender Equality
Women can be as good workers as men.	Women should not be in the army (direct combat forces).	Gender Equality exposes women to risks.	Women should be treated as men.	Gender Equality
Gender equality is the state of equal ease of access to resources and opportunities regardless of gender.	Human right can be achieved regardless of gender equality.	Sanctions should be applied to gender discriminators.	Women should have the same opportunities as men.	Gender Equality
What's good for a man is also good for a woman.	Womens rights have well found legal basis.	No one should judge a person by their gender.	Sexism in the workplace is a thing of the past.	Gender Equality
The rights of women are equal to those of men.	Gender equality is about the acceptance of role models.	Gender equality is part of human rights.	Women should be paid the same as men.	Gender Equality
There is no such thing as a glass ceiling anymore.	A family must have a paternal and maternal figure.	Women should be paid less because they are more expensive employees.	Women should be paid equal to men.	Gender Equality
Public and private institutions should hire people based.	Hiring should be done on a person's talent and not their gender.	Gender equality has come a long way.	Companies should promote gender equity.	Gender Equality
Gender inequality hinders the rights of people.	More women are becoming better educated than men.	There is no clear link between having gender quotas and economic growth.	Human rights cannot be achieved until there is gender equality.	Gender Equality
Women should have the same rights as men.	Women are just as capable as men.	If someone wants to hire a male over a female then let them.	Not having a family in classic role models does not set a good example for the child.	Gender Equality
Wages should not be based on gender.	Recognition in professional contribution must be evaluated by the ability and skill of the individual, not by their gender.	A woman's physical condition makes her unsuitable for certain jobs.	Gender equality is a basic human right.	Gender Equality
Women can be as successful as men.	Gender equality can cause problems with the Constitution.	The condition of woman's mother makes her different from men.	Equality is not limited by law.	Gender Equality
Women are more powerful than men.	Education empowers women and girls as well as the employment community.	We should promote the inclusion of women in men's activities.	Women are more capable than men for many things.	Gender Equality
Gender Equality can generate great advances.	Women need men.	Women should be able to have the same opportunities as men.	Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender.	Gender Equality
We shouldnt oppose biblical roles of husbands & wives.	Women are usually stereotyped into the housewife role.	Woman should be provided the sam benefits as a man for doing the same job.	Sexual harrasment has done more harm to women.	Gender Equality
Women should have the same right as men.	Women are as important as men.	Women can be bread winners in the household.	The society needs woman.	Gender Equality
Gender equality is good for the society.	Men can easily be home stay at home dads.	Same rights same duties.	If women want to be paid the same as men, then they need to work just as hard.	Gender Equality
A woman is a man's best friend.	Gender equality is a desired, possible and realistic goal.	Gender equality is stupid.	Feminists are way too out of proportions.	Gender Equality
A woman should have the right to choose her own path.	Women should have the same rights than men.	There are laws that should be better enforced to protect womens rights.	The training of women in scientific knowledge gives them legitimacy to defend themselves and dismantle negative stereotypes.	Gender Equality
Women are not taken seriously in business.	Employers benefit when hiring based an skill and capability, not gender.	Women who choose to be stay at home mothers should not be looked down on by society.	A women should be hired and promoted based on merit alone.	Gender Equality
If a female wants to work and the guy wants to stay home, who cares.	Women can be as hard workers as men.	Skills and qualifications should matter more than gender.	Feminism is nothing but a male bashing movement.	Gender Equality
Gender equality opens opportunities for the female community.	Mens should help their wifes at home duties.	Woman should be provided the sam benefits as a man for doing the same job.	We should promote the inclusion of women in men's activities.	Gender Equality
Women should be able to have the same opportunities as men.	Everybody should be treated equally regardless of gender.	Women should be paid the same as men.	Women fought hard for rights and should be treated as equals.	Gender Equality
No one should judge a person by their gender.	Women are often discriminated against in the workforce and that needs to change.	When a woman is educated she lifts the community and the nation.	Employers benefit when hiring based an skill and capability, not gender.	Gender Equality
Avoid gender discrimination with campaigns.	Places don't hire people based on gender.	The society needs woman.	We shouldnt oppose biblical roles of husbands & wives.	Gender Equality
Gender equality can cause problems with the Constitution.	Gender quotas support economic growth.	Womens rights have well found legal basis.	Women should have the same rights than men.	Gender Equality
God created man and woman to be together.	Gender equality is against religion.	Education empowers women and girls as well as the employment community.	Gender equality is the state of equal ease of access to resources and opportunities regardless of gender.	Gender Equality
The training of women in scientific knowledge gives them legitimacy to defend themselves and dismantle negative stereotypes.	Everybody should have the right to work regardless of gender.	Skills and qualifications should matter more than gender.	Women are usually stereotyped into the housewife role.	Gender Equality
Gender never makes someone look dull instead it makes a person look lively.	A family must have a paternal and maternal figure.	Women need men.	Gender equality is a basic human right.	Gender Equality
Women should be treated as men.	Women should have the same opportunities as men.	Women are just as capable as men.	Women can be as hard workers as men.	Gender Equality
Women should not be in the army (direct combat forces).	Women should have the same right as men.	Women and men should be treated the same.	Women are more capable than men for many things.	Gender Equality
Gender Equality exposes women to risks.	Gender equality is desired by the majority of people.	Gender inequality hinders the rights of people.	Gender inequality is the main source of sexual harrasment in various countries.	Gender Equality
There are some jobs that women are better suited for just as there are some jobs men are better suited for.	There is no such thing as a glass ceiling anymore.	Women should be able to move up in the workplace without discrimination.	Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender.	Gender Equality
Human right can be achieved regardless of gender equality.	Gender equality is good for the society.	Not having a family in classic role models does not set a good example for the child.	Women are as important as men.	Gender Equality
Gender equality has come a long way.	Gender inequality must be eliminated.	The condition of woman's mother makes her different from men.	Gender equality is a desired, possible and realistic goal.	Gender Equality
Education empowers a business and further education among women benefits an employer.	Sexism in the workplace is a thing of the past.	Companies should promote gender equity.	Gender does not prevent females to do what the want.	Gender Equality
Gender equality provides empowerment for everyone.	Women should have more access to affordable childcare.	Women should be paid less because they are more expensive employees.	Females are just as capable as males.	Gender Equality
The bibles role models are dumb and should be discarded.	Not having good role models make children to fall into crimes.	Women can be as good workers as men.	If someone wants to hire a male over a female then let them.	Gender Equality
Public and private institutions should hire people based.	Gender inequality affects both genders.	Recognition in professional contribution must be evaluated by the ability and skill of the individual, not by their gender.	Women should have the same rights as men.	Gender Equality
Gender equality is not inline with religion.	There are laws that should be better enforced to protect womens rights.	Gender equiality is a must.	Equality is not limited by law.	Gender Equality
Men can easily be home stay at home dads.	Hiring should be done on a person's talent and not their gender.	Sanctions should be applied to gender discriminators.	Women should be given a chance like men.	Gender Equality
Mens should help their wifes at home duties.	Women who choose to be stay at home mothers should not be looked down on by society.	Women are more powerful than men.	Wages should not be based on gender.	Gender Equality
Sexual harrasment has done more harm to women.	It is a woman's choice to be educated or a mother.	Women can be as successful as men.	The society has to understand that women are equal to men.	Gender Equality
Feminists are way too out of proportions.	Females and males are equal.	Everyone is equal.	Abolition of gender discriminating laws.	Gender Equality
Women can be bread winners in the household.	The rights of women are equal to those of men.	Opportunities should be just as open to women as men.	Gender equality opens opportunities for the female community.	Gender Equality
Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender to achieve positive economic impact.	Women and men have different strengths.	Human rights cannot be achieved until there is gender equality.	Women should be paid equal to men.	Gender Equality
Same rights same duties.	There is no clear link between having gender quotas and economic growth.	Gender should be overlooked when choosing criteria comes in.	A woman should have the right to choose her own path.	Gender Equality
Women are not taken seriously in business.	People shouldn't look at things such as man or woman.	Everybody should have the right to live regardless of gender.	More women are becoming better educated than men.	Gender Equality
Every gender should have specific duties and rights.	Men need women.	Gender equality is a global need.	All people should be treated equally.	Gender Equality
Families were stronger when women stayed home and only the men worked.	Instead of fighting for gender equality, we must fight for gender equity.	What a man can do a woman can do better.	A woman's physical condition makes her unsuitable for certain jobs.	Gender Equality
Gender discrimination should be frown at.	If a female wants to work and the guy wants to stay home, who cares.	Women are the mothers of the society.	If women want to be paid the same as men, then they need to work just as hard.	Gender Equality
Men and women have innate differences.	A woman is a man's best friend.	Gender Equality can generate great advances.	Gender equality is stupid.	Gender Equality
Gender equality is about the acceptance of role models.	What's good for a man is also good for a woman.	Decreasing the importance of women in the workforce does not improve work performances.	A women should be hired and promoted based on merit alone.	Gender Equality
Feminism is nothing but a male bashing movement.	Gender equality is part of human rights.	You should be judged on who you are not your gender.	The wage gap is a made up thing.	Gender Equality
Women should have the same right as men.	The training of women in scientific knowledge gives them legitimacy to defend themselves and dismantle negative stereotypes.	Gender equality is the state of equal ease of access to resources and opportunities regardless of gender.	Education empowers women and girls as well as the employment community.	Gender Equality
Women can be as successful as men.	Women can be as hard workers as men.	What's good for a man is also good for a woman.	Hiring should be done on a person's talent and not their gender.	Gender Equality
Women are more capable than men for many things.	Women are usually stereotyped into the housewife role.	Not having good role models make children to fall into crimes.	Women and men have different strengths.	Gender Equality
The rights of women are equal to those of men.	If women want to be paid the same as men, then they need to work just as hard.	Gender equality is part of human rights.	The bibles role models are dumb and should be discarded.	Gender Equality
Employers benefit when hiring based an skill and capability, not gender.	Gender inequality hinders the rights of people.	Mens should help their wifes at home duties.	Gender equality is about the acceptance of role models.	Gender Equality
People shouldn't look at things such as man or woman.	Gender equality is a desired, possible and realistic goal.	Gender equiality is a must.	Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender to achieve positive economic impact.	Gender Equality
Public and private institutions should hire people based.	Women should be paid less because they are more expensive employees.	Women should be paid the same as men.	No one should judge a person by their gender.	Gender Equality
Not having a family in classic role models does not set a good example for the child.	Every gender should have specific duties and rights.	Feminists are way too out of proportions.	Opportunities should be just as open to women as men.	Gender Equality
Wages should not be based on gender.	Sexism in the workplace is a thing of the past.	Skills and qualifications should matter more than gender.	We should promote the inclusion of women in men's activities.	Gender Equality
A woman is a man's best friend.	Families were stronger when women stayed home and only the men worked.	Gender inequality is the main source of sexual harrasment in various countries.	Women can be bread winners in the household.	Gender Equality
Gender equality is desired by the majority of people.	Decreasing the importance of women in the workforce does not improve work performances.	Gender equality provides empowerment for everyone.	Woman should be provided the sam benefits as a man for doing the same job.	Gender Equality
The wage gap is a made up thing.	It is a woman's choice to be educated or a mother.	Gender equality is not inline with religion.	Gender discrimination should be frown at.	Gender Equality
When a woman is educated she lifts the community and the nation.	Females are just as capable as males.	Women are more powerful than men.	A woman should have the right to choose her own path.	Gender Equality
Gender inequality must be eliminated.	Women are often discriminated against in the workforce and that needs to change.	Gender equality can cause problems with the Constitution.	Gender equality is a basic human right.	Gender Equality
Women should be paid equal to men.	What a man can do a woman can do better.	Gender does not prevent females to do what the want.	God created man and woman to be together.	Gender Equality
Everyone is equal.	Men and women have innate differences.	Gender inequality affects both genders.	Human right can be achieved regardless of gender equality.	Gender Equality
All people should be treated equally.	Gender never makes someone look dull instead it makes a person look lively.	Gender equality is good for the society.	A women should be hired and promoted based on merit alone.	Gender Equality
Human rights cannot be achieved until there is gender equality.	Women fought hard for rights and should be treated as equals.	Women can be as good workers as men.	You should be judged on who you are not your gender.	Gender Equality
A woman's physical condition makes her unsuitable for certain jobs.	Gender quotas support economic growth.	Women should have the same rights as men.	Gender equality is stupid.	Gender Equality
Equality is not limited by law.	Women are as important as men.	Women and men should be treated the same.	Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender.	Gender Equality
There are laws that should be better enforced to protect womens rights.	There are some jobs that women are better suited for just as there are some jobs men are better suited for.	Womens rights have well found legal basis.	Women should be able to have the same opportunities as men.	Gender Equality
Women are not taken seriously in business.	Feminism is nothing but a male bashing movement.	Gender Equality exposes women to risks.	Avoid gender discrimination with campaigns.	Gender Equality
Gender equality opens opportunities for the female community.	Everybody should have the right to work regardless of gender.	If a female wants to work and the guy wants to stay home, who cares.	Women are the mothers of the society.	Gender Equality
Recognition in professional contribution must be evaluated by the ability and skill of the individual, not by their gender.	Women should have the same opportunities as men.	Men need women.	Women need men.	Gender Equality
There is no such thing as a glass ceiling anymore.	Women should have the same rights than men.	We shouldnt oppose biblical roles of husbands & wives.	Gender equality is a global need.	Gender Equality
More women are becoming better educated than men.	Men can easily be home stay at home dads.	There is no clear link between having gender quotas and economic growth.	Women are just as capable as men.	Gender Equality
Gender should be overlooked when choosing criteria comes in.	Same rights same duties.	If someone wants to hire a male over a female then let them.	The society needs woman.	Gender Equality
The condition of woman's mother makes her different from men.	Companies should promote gender equity.	Females and males are equal.	Everybody should be treated equally regardless of gender.	Gender Equality
Sanctions should be applied to gender discriminators.	Gender equality is against religion.	Women should have more access to affordable childcare.	Instead of fighting for gender equality, we must fight for gender equity.	Gender Equality
Women should be treated as men.	Women should not be in the army (direct combat forces).	The society has to understand that women are equal to men.	Abolition of gender discriminating laws.	Gender Equality
Gender Equality can generate great advances.	Everybody should have the right to live regardless of gender.	Women should be able to move up in the workplace without discrimination.	Women should be given a chance like men.	Gender Equality
Women who choose to be stay at home mothers should not be looked down on by society.	A family must have a paternal and maternal figure.	Gender equality has come a long way.	Sexual harrasment has done more harm to women.	Gender Equality
Places don't hire people based on gender.	Education empowers a business and further education among women benefits an employer.	Womens rights have well found legal basis.	Females are just as capable as males.	Gender Equality
Women and men should be treated the same.	Gender never makes someone look dull instead it makes a person look lively.	Companies should promote gender equity.	Avoid gender discrimination with campaigns.	Gender Equality
God created man and woman to be together.	Not having good role models make children to fall into crimes.	Not having a family in classic role models does not set a good example for the child.	Sexual harrasment has done more harm to women.	Gender Equality
Women can be as successful as men.	Gender Equality exposes women to risks.	If someone wants to hire a male over a female then let them.	Everybody should be treated equally regardless of gender.	Gender Equality
Men and women have innate differences.	Women are often discriminated against in the workforce and that needs to change.	Places don't hire people based on gender.	Families were stronger when women stayed home and only the men worked.	Gender Equality
Gender inequality must be eliminated.	Females and males are equal.	Women and men have different strengths.	Women should have the same rights as men.	Gender Equality
We shouldnt oppose biblical roles of husbands & wives.	Women need men.	Men can easily be home stay at home dads.	A woman's physical condition makes her unsuitable for certain jobs.	Gender Equality
Gender equality is against religion.	Instead of fighting for gender equality, we must fight for gender equity.	Women should be paid equal to men.	The rights of women are equal to those of men.	Gender Equality
Gender equiality is a must.	Employers benefit when hiring based an skill and capability, not gender.	Same rights same duties.	The society needs woman.	Gender Equality
Abolition of gender discriminating laws.	Human right can be achieved regardless of gender equality.	Women should be paid the same as men.	Gender equality is a basic human right.	Gender Equality
Gender equality is stupid.	The training of women in scientific knowledge gives them legitimacy to defend themselves and dismantle negative stereotypes.	Women are as important as men.	Women can be as good workers as men.	Gender Equality
Opportunities should be just as open to women as men.	Women are more powerful than men.	Skills and qualifications should matter more than gender.	Gender inequality hinders the rights of people.	Gender Equality
Everyone is equal.	Gender equality is good for the society.	Everybody should have the right to work regardless of gender.	Woman should be provided the sam benefits as a man for doing the same job.	Gender Equality
If a female wants to work and the guy wants to stay home, who cares.	Women should have the same opportunities as men.	Gender discrimination should be frown at.	Women should be paid less because they are more expensive employees.	Gender Equality
No one should judge a person by their gender.	Gender quotas support economic growth.	Men need women.	Gender equality opens opportunities for the female community.	Gender Equality
It is a woman's choice to be educated or a mother.	Gender equality has come a long way.	Gender equality is part of human rights.	Women are more capable than men for many things.	Gender Equality
There is no such thing as a glass ceiling anymore.	A woman should have the right to choose her own path.	Gender equality is about the acceptance of role models.	Human rights cannot be achieved until there is gender equality.	Gender Equality
Recognition in professional contribution must be evaluated by the ability and skill of the individual, not by their gender.	What's good for a man is also good for a woman.	Gender Equality can generate great advances.	When a woman is educated she lifts the community and the nation.	Gender Equality
Sanctions should be applied to gender discriminators.	Gender equality is desired by the majority of people.	Women should have the same right as men.	Women should not be in the army (direct combat forces).	Gender Equality
Women are not taken seriously in business.	The bibles role models are dumb and should be discarded.	Every gender should have specific duties and rights.	Women fought hard for rights and should be treated as equals.	Gender Equality
Everybody should have the right to live regardless of gender.	Gender inequality is the main source of sexual harrasment in various countries.	Women should have more access to affordable childcare.	Gender equality is the state of equal ease of access to resources and opportunities regardless of gender.	Gender Equality
Feminism is nothing but a male bashing movement.	Gender does not prevent females to do what the want.	All people should be treated equally.	Decreasing the importance of women in the workforce does not improve work performances.	Gender Equality
Women should have the same rights than men.	Women can be bread winners in the household.	You should be judged on who you are not your gender.	Mens should help their wifes at home duties.	Gender Equality
If women want to be paid the same as men, then they need to work just as hard.	Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender.	Women should be given a chance like men.	Women should be treated as men.	Gender Equality
There are laws that should be better enforced to protect womens rights.	Women are the mothers of the society.	The condition of woman's mother makes her different from men.	A family must have a paternal and maternal figure.	Gender Equality
Gender equality is not inline with religion.	Feminists are way too out of proportions.	There are some jobs that women are better suited for just as there are some jobs men are better suited for.	Women who choose to be stay at home mothers should not be looked down on by society.	Gender Equality
Gender equality is a global need.	Gender should be overlooked when choosing criteria comes in.	Education empowers women and girls as well as the employment community.	Wages should not be based on gender.	Gender Equality
People shouldn't look at things such as man or woman.	Women should be able to move up in the workplace without discrimination.	Women can be as hard workers as men.	Sexism in the workplace is a thing of the past.	Gender Equality
We should promote the inclusion of women in men's activities.	What a man can do a woman can do better.	Gender inequality affects both genders.	Gender equality is a desired, possible and realistic goal.	Gender Equality
The society has to understand that women are equal to men.	Gender equality can cause problems with the Constitution.	There is no clear link between having gender quotas and economic growth.	The wage gap is a made up thing.	Gender Equality
Gender equality provides empowerment for everyone.	Equality is not limited by law.	A woman is a man's best friend.	Hiring should be done on a person's talent and not their gender.	Gender Equality
More women are becoming better educated than men.	Women are usually stereotyped into the housewife role.	Education empowers a business and further education among women benefits an employer.	Women should be able to have the same opportunities as men.	Gender Equality
Women are just as capable as men.	A women should be hired and promoted based on merit alone.	Public and private institutions should hire people based.	Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender to achieve positive economic impact.	Gender Equality
Guns don't kill people, people do.	Gun ownership should not be limited.	Guns aren't promoting safety.	While it might be reasonable for individuals to own handguns, the ownership of semi-automatic guns should be restricted.	Gun Rights
Criminals will always find a way to have a gun.	Weapons are necessary to defend ourselves.	Gun owners should register their arms.	People who have a lot of guns sometimes become murders.	Gun Rights
Having guns is a protection against robbers.	Use of guns must be prohibited among some age groups.	Restrictions on gun ownership will only encourage outlaws to have heavy ammunition and high calibre weapons.	In a certain part to eliminate the arms would be to end the delinquency.	Gun Rights
Childredns are dying at schools because of guns usage.	There should be limits on automatic weapons.	People who own guns are not more likely to mass kill.	Gun owners should be required to take a safety test.	Gun Rights
Gun owners should limit their arms.	We don't need more and/or tighter gun control.	Gun ownership should be very closely regulated.	Banning guns only makes people more vulnerable.	Gun Rights
There are legitimate reasons for people owning guns.	Gun ownership can be responsible and regulated.	All Guns should be banned.	No Guns should be banned.	Gun Rights
Handguns are required for symbolic reasons.	All guns should be registered.	Guns possessions should be reduced.	Gun owners should only be able to carry a certain amount of ammunition.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership is too highly regulated.	Everyone should own a gun.	Guns can be used in self-defense.	Circulation of gun should be limited.	Gun Rights
Guns are rarely used For Defense purpose.	Guns are cool.	The use of weapons must be regulated or eliminated.	Gun owners should have to pass a psych evaluation every year.	Gun Rights
Guns should be limited.	Banning guns won't prevent criminals from acquiring them.	Gun owners should be required to complete training on the appropriate use of the firearms they own.	The people who use guns for crimes usually obtain them illegally anyways.	Gun Rights
It is dangerous to own a gun.	Gun registration laws should increase.	Criminals will circumvent gun laws.	Automatic weapons with high capacity magazines are involved in nefarious acts and crimes.	Gun Rights
If guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.	Guns should only be used if there are no other options.	We should evaluate who can carry a weapon.	Guns should be locked up when not in hunting season.	Gun Rights
Guns per capita should be monitored.	You shouldn't have to register every gun.	Gun owners need to be required to have a background check.	Majority of mass murders use legal weapon.	Gun Rights
People should be allowed to own as many guns as they want.	Guns are rarely used in self defense.	The founding fathers intended for the military to have the right to bear arms, not ordinary citizens.	Civilians should not poses gun.	Gun Rights
Guns increase murders.	Guns can be stored safely at home.	Guns can help ward off criminal acts.	People should not be allowed to conceal carry without a permit.	Gun Rights
Evaluate rights and duties when carrying a weapon.	There should be a more strict background check for buyign a gun.	Gun ownership should be reduced.	Owning guns is a fundamental right.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership deters crime.	Guns are part of our history.	Gun ownership is protected in the constitution.	People must be trained before to buy a gun.	Gun Rights
Handguns should be allowed for everyone.	Gun licenses should include a mental health evaluation.	Open carry deters violence.	Gun owners must be registered.	Gun Rights
Gun owners should be registered.	Guns are a protection against political tyranny.	Guns are necessary.	The numbers of guns owned should be limited.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership only reasserts violence.	Gun rights are apart of our freedom.	Owning a gun can deter criminals.	People with a history of gun violence should not be allowed to own firearms.	Gun Rights
The possession of free weapons would increase the mortality rate in society.	Too much guns in circulation can kill alot.	Guns are legitimately used for hunting.	Illegal guns should be eliminated.	Gun Rights
Criminals don't obey laws.	Only officers should carry a weapon.	Most mass shootings involve guns that were obtained illegally.	Guns are a vital form of protection for people.	Gun Rights
Gun rights are necessary.	Guns should be allowed just for law enforcement and army,navy,etc.	Not every one must have a gun.	Widespread gun ownership leads to mass killings.	Gun Rights
Guns should be legal for everyone.	Guns are a form of protection not a form of mass mudering.	High-capacity magazines should be banned because they too often turn murder into mass murder.	Guns should be registered.	Gun Rights
Guns are used in self defense in the home.	Guns are sometimes used in self defense.	Handguns are required for symbolic reasons -- as a defence against the state monopoly of power.	Gun control is a must.	Gun Rights
Guns aren't the only weapons that kill. Timothy McVeigh used a rental truck and fertilizer.	Guns can too easily fall into the wrong hands.	A gun in a household is dangerous for children.	Gun owners should be required to take a gun safety course.	Gun Rights
Owning a gun makes people feel much safer in their home.	Guns should act like a means of defence.	Owning guns should be a right but monitored.	Guns are dangerous to civilians.	Gun Rights
There should be no restrictions on gun laws.	Guns are rarely used in self-defense.	Gun ownership may deter crime.	Celebrities, such as Rosie O'Donnel who has a security detail but wants to take guns away from average citizens, should practice what they preach.	Gun Rights
Background should be checked carefully before giving selling arms to them.	What circumstances citizens are allowed to possess and bear guns.	Guns should be heavily regulated.	All guns should be licensed.	Gun Rights
People with mental issues whould not be allowed to carry guns.	We should teach people from an early age the damage that they can do, how to properly and safely use them.	Guns should be only allowed to the military.	Guns should only be issued for hunting.	Gun Rights
Gun rights is part of being american.	We should take off guns from streets.	Anyone should be able to own a gun.	Gun ownership should not be banned altogether.	Gun Rights
Guns pose a threat in families.	Guns are much less likely to attempt a crime.	Handgun ownership is not only symbolic but is a right of the American people.	Gun ownership leads to unnecessary killings.	Gun Rights
Many people are responsible gun owners.	Guns are also used in hunting.	This issue is about the kind of the amount of and under what circumstances citizens are allowed to possess and bear guns.	Banning guns is a violation of the 2nd amendment.	Gun Rights
When tension mounts, it will eventually erupt in the most unpleasant of ways.	High-capacity magazines should be banned.	Guns within the city can be hazardous.	Gun restrictions leave the citizens open to abuse from the government, and leave them vulnerable for a fully police state.	Gun Rights
The NRA holds guns as a symbol of our right to protect themselves and others in various instances in which safety is threatened.	Gun owners should only be able to carry 1 weapon on their person.	Should be able to carry whatever gun you want whenerever.	Although guns are to be a great aid for self-defense this is not a typical usage by gun owners and guns.	Gun Rights
Guns help protect families.	The gun industry is too heavily regulated.	Everyone should support the 2nd amendment.	Gun owners should be imprisoned if they don't follow applicable laws.	Gun Rights
Banning guns is like banning forks in an attempt to stop making people fat.	Handgun ownership is not only symbolic but is a right of the American people.	Gun rights are necessary.	Evaluate rights and duties when carrying a weapon.	Gun Rights
Gun owners should have to pass a psych evaluation every year.	Guns are much less likely to attempt a crime.	A gun in a household is dangerous for children.	Owning a gun makes people feel much safer in their home.	Gun Rights
Banning guns only makes people more vulnerable.	Owning guns should be a right but monitored.	Automatic weapons with high capacity magazines are involved in nefarious acts and crimes.	Guns are rarely used in self-defense.	Gun Rights
Guns are a protection against political tyranny.	Guns can help ward off criminal acts.	People should be allowed to own as many guns as they want.	Use of guns must be prohibited among some age groups.	Gun Rights
This issue is about the kind of the amount of and under what circumstances citizens are allowed to possess and bear guns.	The people who use guns for crimes usually obtain them illegally anyways.	Background should be checked carefully before giving selling arms to them.	The gun industry is too heavily regulated.	Gun Rights
Everyone should own a gun.	Gun owners must be registered.	What circumstances citizens are allowed to possess and bear guns.	Guns should be legal for everyone.	Gun Rights
Illegal guns should be eliminated.	Celebrities, such as Rosie O'Donnel who has a security detail but wants to take guns away from average citizens, should practice what they preach.	In a certain part to eliminate the arms would be to end the delinquency.	Gun ownership only reasserts violence.	Gun Rights
Guns should be only allowed to the military.	Guns are also used in hunting.	People with mental issues whould not be allowed to carry guns.	Gun registration laws should increase.	Gun Rights
People should not be allowed to conceal carry without a permit.	Guns should only be used if there are no other options.	Guns should be locked up when not in hunting season.	Gun rights is part of being american.	Gun Rights
Weapons are necessary to defend ourselves.	Guns can be used in self-defense.	Guns can be stored safely at home.	Gun owners should register their arms.	Gun Rights
Everyone should support the 2nd amendment.	High-capacity magazines should be banned.	Childredns are dying at schools because of guns usage.	Should be able to carry whatever gun you want whenerever.	Gun Rights
Guns are dangerous to civilians.	Gun ownership should not be limited.	There should be a more strict background check for buyign a gun.	People who own guns are not more likely to mass kill.	Gun Rights
Guns within the city can be hazardous.	Guns are sometimes used in self defense.	Guns should be limited.	Banning guns is a violation of the 2nd amendment.	Gun Rights
While it might be reasonable for individuals to own handguns, the ownership of semi-automatic guns should be restricted.	Guns help protect families.	Many people are responsible gun owners.	The possession of free weapons would increase the mortality rate in society.	Gun Rights
Guns can too easily fall into the wrong hands.	We should teach people from an early age the damage that they can do, how to properly and safely use them.	Owning guns is a fundamental right.	Gun restrictions leave the citizens open to abuse from the government, and leave them vulnerable for a fully police state.	Gun Rights
Guns are rarely used in self defense.	Gun licenses should include a mental health evaluation.	Criminals don't obey laws.	All guns should be licensed.	Gun Rights
The founding fathers intended for the military to have the right to bear arms, not ordinary citizens.	The numbers of guns owned should be limited.	Guns increase murders.	There are legitimate reasons for people owning guns.	Gun Rights
Guns are used in self defense in the home.	Gun ownership can be responsible and regulated.	Guns should be registered.	Guns should act like a means of defence.	Gun Rights
Open carry deters violence.	The use of weapons must be regulated or eliminated.	The NRA holds guns as a symbol of our right to protect themselves and others in various instances in which safety is threatened.	Guns are a form of protection not a form of mass mudering.	Gun Rights
Guns are cool.	Gun ownership should not be banned altogether.	Guns are rarely used For Defense purpose.	Handguns are required for symbolic reasons.	Gun Rights
We should evaluate who can carry a weapon.	Guns are legitimately used for hunting.	Guns don't kill people, people do.	Guns aren't the only weapons that kill. Timothy McVeigh used a rental truck and fertilizer.	Gun Rights
Guns should be heavily regulated.	Guns aren't promoting safety.	Gun owners should be required to take a safety test.	Gun rights are apart of our freedom.	Gun Rights
Gun owners should be imprisoned if they don't follow applicable laws.	Gun owners should only be able to carry a certain amount of ammunition.	Guns pose a threat in families.	Having guns is a protection against robbers.	Gun Rights
Gun owners should only be able to carry 1 weapon on their person.	There should be limits on automatic weapons.	Gun ownership should be very closely regulated.	Although guns are to be a great aid for self-defense this is not a typical usage by gun owners and guns.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership should be reduced.	It is dangerous to own a gun.	People who have a lot of guns sometimes become murders.	No Guns should be banned.	Gun Rights
Guns should only be issued for hunting.	Gun owners should be registered.	Handguns are required for symbolic reasons -- as a defence against the state monopoly of power.	Gun ownership deters crime.	Gun Rights
Banning guns is like banning forks in an attempt to stop making people fat.	If guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.	Majority of mass murders use legal weapon.	Restrictions on gun ownership will only encourage outlaws to have heavy ammunition and high calibre weapons.	Gun Rights
Guns should be allowed just for law enforcement and army,navy,etc.	Gun control is a must.	Too much guns in circulation can kill alot.	We don't need more and/or tighter gun control.	Gun Rights
Gun owners should be required to take a gun safety course.	Gun ownership is too highly regulated.	People must be trained before to buy a gun.	Widespread gun ownership leads to mass killings.	Gun Rights
Criminals will always find a way to have a gun.	Guns are necessary.	All guns should be registered.	There should be no restrictions on gun laws.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership is protected in the constitution.	Guns are a vital form of protection for people.	Only officers should carry a weapon.	Anyone should be able to own a gun.	Gun Rights
Circulation of gun should be limited.	When tension mounts, it will eventually erupt in the most unpleasant of ways.	Guns possessions should be reduced.	You shouldn't have to register every gun.	Gun Rights
Gun owners should limit their arms.	Most mass shootings involve guns that were obtained illegally.	Criminals will circumvent gun laws.	Owning a gun can deter criminals.	Gun Rights
All Guns should be banned.	Not every one must have a gun.	Guns are part of our history.	Gun owners need to be required to have a background check.	Gun Rights
Gun owners should be required to complete training on the appropriate use of the firearms they own.	Gun ownership leads to unnecessary killings.	Handguns should be allowed for everyone.	Guns per capita should be monitored.	Gun Rights
We should take off guns from streets.	Gun ownership may deter crime.	People with a history of gun violence should not be allowed to own firearms.	High-capacity magazines should be banned because they too often turn murder into mass murder.	Gun Rights
Civilians should not poses gun.	Banning guns won't prevent criminals from acquiring them.	Gun owners should have to pass a psych evaluation every year.	Guns possessions should be reduced.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership can be responsible and regulated.	High-capacity magazines should be banned.	Everyone should support the 2nd amendment.	Gun owners should be required to take a gun safety course.	Gun Rights
Automatic weapons with high capacity magazines are involved in nefarious acts and crimes.	The use of weapons must be regulated or eliminated.	There should be no restrictions on gun laws.	If guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership should not be banned altogether.	Guns are dangerous to civilians.	Most mass shootings involve guns that were obtained illegally.	Gun owners should only be able to carry 1 weapon on their person.	Gun Rights
Guns should only be used if there are no other options.	Gun ownership is protected in the constitution.	Gun owners should be registered.	Gun owners should be required to complete training on the appropriate use of the firearms they own.	Gun Rights
Gun restrictions leave the citizens open to abuse from the government, and leave them vulnerable for a fully police state.	Widespread gun ownership leads to mass killings.	Childredns are dying at schools because of guns usage.	Gun owners must be registered.	Gun Rights
Guns are legitimately used for hunting.	High-capacity magazines should be banned because they too often turn murder into mass murder.	Guns are also used in hunting.	Gun licenses should include a mental health evaluation.	Gun Rights
Guns should be legal for everyone.	While it might be reasonable for individuals to own handguns, the ownership of semi-automatic guns should be restricted.	Owning a gun can deter criminals.	Gun owners should only be able to carry a certain amount of ammunition.	Gun Rights
Handgun ownership is not only symbolic but is a right of the American people.	Guns can help ward off criminal acts.	Guns are necessary.	Gun control is a must.	Gun Rights
Guns should be registered.	Gun registration laws should increase.	It is dangerous to own a gun.	There should be a more strict background check for buyign a gun.	Gun Rights
There should be limits on automatic weapons.	No Guns should be banned.	Only officers should carry a weapon.	Criminals will always find a way to have a gun.	Gun Rights
Guns can be stored safely at home.	Gun rights is part of being american.	Gun owners should be imprisoned if they don't follow applicable laws.	Banning guns only makes people more vulnerable.	Gun Rights
Handguns should be allowed for everyone.	Gun owners should be required to take a safety test.	Guns per capita should be monitored.	Guns aren't the only weapons that kill. Timothy McVeigh used a rental truck and fertilizer.	Gun Rights
Civilians should not poses gun.	Guns are rarely used in self-defense.	Gun owners should limit their arms.	Criminals don't obey laws.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership may deter crime.	When tension mounts, it will eventually erupt in the most unpleasant of ways.	All guns should be registered.	Guns are cool.	Gun Rights
Majority of mass murders use legal weapon.	People should be allowed to own as many guns as they want.	Although guns are to be a great aid for self-defense this is not a typical usage by gun owners and guns.	Guns can too easily fall into the wrong hands.	Gun Rights
Many people are responsible gun owners.	Guns should only be issued for hunting.	Circulation of gun should be limited.	Guns are much less likely to attempt a crime.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership should be very closely regulated.	People who own guns are not more likely to mass kill.	Not every one must have a gun.	We should teach people from an early age the damage that they can do, how to properly and safely use them.	Gun Rights
Guns are sometimes used in self defense.	Banning guns is like banning forks in an attempt to stop making people fat.	Gun owners should register their arms.	Guns aren't promoting safety.	Gun Rights
Guns are rarely used in self defense.	Guns should be limited.	Guns are a vital form of protection for people.	Guns should be locked up when not in hunting season.	Gun Rights
Guns help protect families.	In a certain part to eliminate the arms would be to end the delinquency.	All Guns should be banned.	Gun rights are necessary.	Gun Rights
We don't need more and/or tighter gun control.	Evaluate rights and duties when carrying a weapon.	People with a history of gun violence should not be allowed to own firearms.	Use of guns must be prohibited among some age groups.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership should not be limited.	Guns should act like a means of defence.	This issue is about the kind of the amount of and under what circumstances citizens are allowed to possess and bear guns.	Too much guns in circulation can kill alot.	Gun Rights
People with mental issues whould not be allowed to carry guns.	There are legitimate reasons for people owning guns.	People who have a lot of guns sometimes become murders.	Guns are part of our history.	Gun Rights
The numbers of guns owned should be limited.	Should be able to carry whatever gun you want whenerever.	Guns can be used in self-defense.	Criminals will circumvent gun laws.	Gun Rights
Handguns are required for symbolic reasons -- as a defence against the state monopoly of power.	We should take off guns from streets.	People should not be allowed to conceal carry without a permit.	Guns are a protection against political tyranny.	Gun Rights
Gun rights are apart of our freedom.	Handguns are required for symbolic reasons.	Everyone should own a gun.	Gun ownership leads to unnecessary killings.	Gun Rights
What circumstances citizens are allowed to possess and bear guns.	The possession of free weapons would increase the mortality rate in society.	The people who use guns for crimes usually obtain them illegally anyways.	Having guns is a protection against robbers.	Gun Rights
Celebrities, such as Rosie O'Donnel who has a security detail but wants to take guns away from average citizens, should practice what they preach.	Guns should be only allowed to the military.	Illegal guns should be eliminated.	Gun ownership should be reduced.	Gun Rights
Gun owners need to be required to have a background check.	Guns are rarely used For Defense purpose.	Gun ownership deters crime.	Owning guns should be a right but monitored.	Gun Rights
Banning guns won't prevent criminals from acquiring them.	Banning guns is a violation of the 2nd amendment.	All guns should be licensed.	The gun industry is too heavily regulated.	Gun Rights
A gun in a household is dangerous for children.	Guns should be allowed just for law enforcement and army,navy,etc.	Owning guns is a fundamental right.	Guns should be heavily regulated.	Gun Rights
People must be trained before to buy a gun.	Owning a gun makes people feel much safer in their home.	Background should be checked carefully before giving selling arms to them.	The NRA holds guns as a symbol of our right to protect themselves and others in various instances in which safety is threatened.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership only reasserts violence.	Guns pose a threat in families.	Guns are used in self defense in the home.	Guns within the city can be hazardous.	Gun Rights
Guns increase murders.	Weapons are necessary to defend ourselves.	Restrictions on gun ownership will only encourage outlaws to have heavy ammunition and high calibre weapons.	Open carry deters violence.	Gun Rights
Guns are a form of protection not a form of mass mudering.	Guns don't kill people, people do.	The founding fathers intended for the military to have the right to bear arms, not ordinary citizens.	Gun ownership is too highly regulated.	Gun Rights
We should evaluate who can carry a weapon.	Anyone should be able to own a gun.	You shouldn't have to register every gun.	There should be a more strict background check for buyign a gun.	Gun Rights
Guns are necessary.	Gun rights are necessary.	Guns help protect families.	Civilians should not poses gun.	Gun Rights
Guns should be legal for everyone.	Gun restrictions leave the citizens open to abuse from the government, and leave them vulnerable for a fully police state.	Anyone should be able to own a gun.	Criminals will always find a way to have a gun.	Gun Rights
Gun owners should have to pass a psych evaluation every year.	While it might be reasonable for individuals to own handguns, the ownership of semi-automatic guns should be restricted.	We should take off guns from streets.	Guns increase murders.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership can be responsible and regulated.	All guns should be licensed.	Gun licenses should include a mental health evaluation.	We should evaluate who can carry a weapon.	Gun Rights
Celebrities, such as Rosie O'Donnel who has a security detail but wants to take guns away from average citizens, should practice what they preach.	The people who use guns for crimes usually obtain them illegally anyways.	Gun registration laws should increase.	There should be limits on automatic weapons.	Gun Rights
Guns pose a threat in families.	Gun owners must be registered.	Gun owners should limit their arms.	People should not be allowed to conceal carry without a permit.	Gun Rights
Guns aren't the only weapons that kill. Timothy McVeigh used a rental truck and fertilizer.	Guns should act like a means of defence.	Owning a gun can deter criminals.	Gun owners should be registered.	Gun Rights
Guns are part of our history.	If guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.	Guns are used in self defense in the home.	Owning guns is a fundamental right.	Gun Rights
Handgun ownership is not only symbolic but is a right of the American people.	Open carry deters violence.	Majority of mass murders use legal weapon.	Guns are a vital form of protection for people.	Gun Rights
Guns should only be issued for hunting.	Guns are rarely used For Defense purpose.	Gun owners should be imprisoned if they don't follow applicable laws.	People who own guns are not more likely to mass kill.	Gun Rights
Everyone should support the 2nd amendment.	Banning guns won't prevent criminals from acquiring them.	Guns aren't promoting safety.	Only officers should carry a weapon.	Gun Rights
Gun ownership should not be banned altogether.	People with mental issues whould not be allowed to carry guns.	Gun ownership may deter crime.	Guns can be stored safely at home.	Gun Rights
Guns within the city can be hazardous.	Guns are much less likely to attempt a crime.	Handguns should be allowed for everyone.	Guns are rarely used in self defense.	Gun Rights
Banning guns is like banning forks in an attempt to stop making people fat.	Having guns is a protection against robbers.	You shouldn't have to register every gun.	Owning a gun makes people feel much safer in their home.	Gun Rights
Banning guns only makes people more vulnerable.	Not every one must have a gun.	It is dangerous to own a gun.	Use of guns must be prohibited among some age groups.	Gun Rights
The NRA holds guns as a symbol of our right to protect themselves and others in various instances in which safety is threatened.	Gun rights are apart of our freedom.	Gun ownership should be reduced.	Guns are rarely used in self-defense.	Gun Rights
Gun owners should only be able to carry 1 weapon on their person.	Handguns are required for symbolic reasons -- as a defence against the state monopoly of power.	Gun owners should be required to complete training on the appropriate use of the firearms they own.	Owning guns should be a right but monitored.	Gun Rights
Guns are cool.	Everyone should own a gun.	Guns possessions should be reduced.	High-capacity magazines should be banned.	Gun Rights
Although guns are to be a great aid for self-defense this is not a typical usage by gun owners and guns.	Gun rights is part of being american.	Guns should be only allowed to the military.	Gun ownership leads to unnecessary killings.	Gun Rights
Guns are legitimately used for hunting.	Guns can too easily fall into the wrong hands.	Circulation of gun should be limited.	Gun ownership should not be limited.	Gun Rights
We should teach people from an early age the damage that they can do, how to properly and safely use them.	People with a history of gun violence should not be allowed to own firearms.	Guns are also used in hunting.	Gun ownership deters crime.	Gun Rights
Guns can be used in self-defense.	Gun owners need to be required to have a background check.	Guns should be allowed just for law enforcement and army,navy,etc.	Criminals don't obey laws.	Gun Rights
This issue is about the kind of the amount of and under what circumstances citizens are allowed to possess and bear guns.	Evaluate rights and duties when carrying a weapon.	There are legitimate reasons for people owning guns.	Guns per capita should be monitored.	Gun Rights
Automatic weapons with high capacity magazines are involved in nefarious acts and crimes.	Guns should be locked up when not in hunting season.	Banning guns is a violation of the 2nd amendment.	Most mass shootings involve guns that were obtained illegally.	Gun Rights
Should be able to carry whatever gun you want whenerever.	Guns are a protection against political tyranny.	All guns should be registered.	The use of weapons must be regulated or eliminated.	Gun Rights
The possession of free weapons would increase the mortality rate in society.	Childredns are dying at schools because of guns usage.	Too much guns in circulation can kill alot.	Gun ownership is protected in the constitution.	Gun Rights
Widespread gun ownership leads to mass killings.	No Guns should be banned.	What circumstances citizens are allowed to possess and bear guns.	High-capacity magazines should be banned because they too often turn murder into mass murder.	Gun Rights
A gun in a household is dangerous for children.	The founding fathers intended for the military to have the right to bear arms, not ordinary citizens.	Gun owners should only be able to carry a certain amount of ammunition.	Gun ownership should be very closely regulated.	Gun Rights
Gun owners should be required to take a gun safety course.	Gun owners should register their arms.	People must be trained before to buy a gun.	The numbers of guns owned should be limited.	Gun Rights
Gun owners should be required to take a safety test.	Illegal guns should be eliminated.	Guns can help ward off criminal acts.	Gun ownership is too highly regulated.	Gun Rights
Restrictions on gun ownership will only encourage outlaws to have heavy ammunition and high calibre weapons.	People should be allowed to own as many guns as they want.	Weapons are necessary to defend ourselves.	Guns should only be used if there are no other options.	Gun Rights
When tension mounts, it will eventually erupt in the most unpleasant of ways.	People who have a lot of guns sometimes become murders.	Gun control is a must.	In a certain part to eliminate the arms would be to end the delinquency.	Gun Rights
Guns are a form of protection not a form of mass mudering.	Handguns are required for symbolic reasons.	Guns should be heavily regulated.	Gun ownership only reasserts violence.	Gun Rights
All Guns should be banned.	There should be no restrictions on gun laws.	We don't need more and/or tighter gun control.	Criminals will circumvent gun laws.	Gun Rights
Background should be checked carefully before giving selling arms to them.	Guns don't kill people, people do.	Guns are dangerous to civilians.	Many people are responsible gun owners.	Gun Rights
Guns are sometimes used in self defense.	Guns should be limited.	The gun industry is too heavily regulated.	Guns should be registered.	Gun Rights
Legalizing marijuana creates a danger of second-hand smoke to Bystanders.	The accepatance of legal marijuana can cause people to become lax in other drug use.	No one is harmed in the consumption of marijuana.	Legalizing marijuana will stimulate the local economy.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana has side effects.	Marijuana is recognized in the medical profession as an aid for the greatly sick people.	It is impossible to overdose on marijuana.	Marijuana legalisation can be hazardous.	Legalization of Marijuana
The benefits of the criminalization of marijuana are minuscule to nonexistent.	Marijuana is not a drug.	Legalization wont lead to increased use.	Cannabis is not physically addictive.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing marijuana helps people with chronic pain.	The whole process is of legalisation could have adverse effects on the masses.	The Founding Fathers grew and smoked hemp.	Marijuana is less harmful than consuming legal substances such as alcohol or tobacco.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana causes damage to the Brain.	Marijuana can be used to treat physical and mental conditions.	Legalizing marijuana would keep individual states from violating the federal law.	Medical marijuana can aid in methods that do not improve health.	Legalization of Marijuana
Exceptions should be considered allow people with medical issues that will benefit from legalization of Marijuana.	Legalizing marijuana lowers crime (no dealers etc.).	Legalization of Marijuana is good for the economy.	Medicinal marijuana should be legalized.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana users have a greater risk of having children with ADD and other similar conditions.	Marijuana has many health benefits that have yet to be explored.	Marijuana helps some people out in life.	Marijuana is not healthy.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana helps suffering of diseases.	Marijuana would cost society less if it were legal because the government could control the quality.	The government should not promote the use of marijuna.	Overuse of marijuana can be problematic.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana should be denied to people.	Legalization may make it appear that drugs are more acceptable for recreational usage.	Expanding marijuana legality encourages illegal use.	Legalizing medical maraijuana creates a new tax base.	Legalization of Marijuana
Those that are capable of responsible usage in regards to medicinal purposes should be allowed access to legal marijuana.	Marijuana use is less addictive than tobacco use.	Legalization of marijuana can entail encouragement and may cause people to recklessly engage in other illegal drugs.	Cannabis has legitimate medical effects.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana smoking is an offence.	Cannabis is nontoxic.	Marijuana is fun.	Legalizing marijuana will make it easier for people to become addicted to it.	Legalization of Marijuana
If cigarettes are legal Marijuana should be to because marijuana  is healthier  for you than tobacco.	Marijuana use is less dangerous than alcohol use.	Expanding the legal use of marijuana makes the illegal use easier.	Marijuana can be harmful.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing medical marijuana will reduce illegal sale of marijuana.	Marijuanna use can help cope with stress.	Marijuana should be legalized and approve for medical issues.	Freely available marijuana encourages recreational use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Medical marijuana can benefit terminally ill.	The consumption on marijuana can lead to more serious drug use.	Marijuana can help cancer patients feel better.	Marijuana use can lead to other drug use.	Legalization of Marijuana
The government should legalize marijuana nationwide.	Marijuana should be made legal.	Legalization of marijuana removes the profit incentive for drug cartels.	The government should discourage any drug usage.	Legalization of Marijuana
Prohibition has enormous social costs.	Marijuana is incorrectly labelled as a Class 1 Narcotic.	Marijuana is a less dangerous drug than alcohol.	Marijuana as being legal can create a delusion with young people that it is okay and may lead to extensive drug use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Government should not approve the legalization of Marijuana.	Marijuana is and should be illegal. End of conversation.	Marijuana has medical benefits.	Legalization of Marijuana will be very important to sick people.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization of marijuana will result to people not pushing hard drugs.	Marijuana helps glaucoma patients deal with their sight issues.	No drugs at all should be legalized.	Marijuana should be legalized for medical purposes only.	Legalization of Marijuana
Allowing the legal use of marijuana will prevent drug dealers from selling it.	Marijuana helps treat a number of diseases.	Legalization of Marijuana should not be approved.	Legalization of Marijuana will result in an increase of Stoned Driving and Related Cases.	Legalization of Marijuana
Promoting the use of marijuana will increase damage of human brain.	Decriminalizing marijuana redirects the profit from the black market to government funding.	The sale of Marijuana can help boost the economy.	Legalizing marijuana opens a new market and strengthens the economy.	Legalization of Marijuana
Cannabis saves lives.	Marijuana should be completely legal but subject to the same rules as liquor.	Promoting any drugs can be a gateway to harder drugs.	Freely available marijuana condones its recreational use.	Legalization of Marijuana
People with chronic illness have benefited by the use of Marijuana.	Legalizing marijuana would make it safer because the production process would be regulated.	Marijuana use will not increase just because it is legalized.	Legal authorities will benefit from legalizing marijuana as it will reduce illegal use and prosecutions.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana eases pain.	There is no correlation between marijuana use and harder drug use.	There have been no overdoses or risks with the use of marijuana.	Making marijuana legal limits issues of crossing state lines.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana could help people with eating disorders.	Marijuana prohibition has proved ineffective at preventing marijuana usage.	Marijuana should be legailzed.	Legalizing marijuana reduces the prison population.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization of marijuana promotes violence in the streets.	Marijuana is a gateway drug.	Marijuana is safer than cigarettes and alcohol.	Marijuana should be as readily available as cigarettes are.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana has some effective uses.	Decriminalizing marijuana can lead to decreased crime rates.	Drug abuse can kill.	Marijuana is proven to have medical benefits.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana causes memory loss.	Marijuana should be discouraged.	Marijuana can be used strictly for medical use of relieving pain.	Marijuana is not just a recreational drug.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana has helped several incurable diseases.	Marijuana should be scarce.	Marijuana alleviates the suffering of people with chronic diseases.	Proper administration and monitoring of marijuana can keep use safe and useful.	Legalization of Marijuana
Keeping marijuana illegal just leads to increased police efforts to stop the use of the drug.	Legalization of marijuana would increase the index of delinquency.	If Marijuana gets legalized it should pay big amounts of taxes.	Cannabis has medical properties.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana is addictive.	Marijuana use can help people suffering from pain or chronic illness.	Legalizing marijuana use allows police authorities focus on other crimes.	Legalizing marijuana increases revenue for states.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana is less harmful than other drugs (such as alcohol).	Marijauna kills brain cells.	People who smoke marijuana perform just as well at their jobs as people who don't smoke marijuana.	Marijuana can help with a number of health conditions.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana is bad for your health.	Legalizing marijuana will keep people out of jail.	Marijuana alleviates the suffering of people with chronic diseases. .	People who use marijuana are mentally stuck at the age they were when they began using the drug.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization results in a reduction in the Business for Drug Dealers (Including Terrorists).	Making cannabis illegal has not discouarged its use.	Marijuana has been proven to help with migraines.	Policing marijuana is not worth the effort and has led to brutality.	Legalization of Marijuana
There is nothing wrong with marijuana.	Legalizing marijuana can allow another tax revenue.	Legalizing marijuana removes the forbidden fruit factor of its use.	Legalization can cause competition with people in places where it is illegal.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana could cause harm to society.	Legalization should conly occur once laws surrounding when and where marijuana use is allowed are established.	Marijuana should be denied to people.	Allowing the legal use of marijuana will prevent drug dealers from selling it.	Legalization of Marijuana
The government should discourage any drug usage.	Keeping marijuana illegal just leads to increased police efforts to stop the use of the drug.	Marijuana as being legal can create a delusion with young people that it is okay and may lead to extensive drug use.	Freely available marijuana encourages recreational use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana is less harmful than other drugs (such as alcohol).	Legalizing marijuana lowers crime (no dealers etc.).	Marijuana use can lead to other drug use.	Those that are capable of responsible usage in regards to medicinal purposes should be allowed access to legal marijuana.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana should be made legal.	Legalizing marijuana increases revenue for states.	It is impossible to overdose on marijuana.	Marijuanna use can help cope with stress.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing medical marijuana will reduce illegal sale of marijuana.	Government should not approve the legalization of Marijuana.	Legalizing marijuana would make it safer because the production process would be regulated.	Cannabis saves lives.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijauna kills brain cells.	Marijuana is fun.	Marijuana use is less addictive than tobacco use.	Proper administration and monitoring of marijuana can keep use safe and useful.	Legalization of Marijuana
People who smoke marijuana perform just as well at their jobs as people who don't smoke marijuana.	Marijuana causes memory loss.	Legal authorities will benefit from legalizing marijuana as it will reduce illegal use and prosecutions.	Marijuana alleviates the suffering of people with chronic diseases.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing marijuana opens a new market and strengthens the economy.	Marijuana causes damage to the Brain.	Marijuana helps suffering of diseases.	The consumption on marijuana can lead to more serious drug use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Cannabis is not physically addictive.	Marijuana has side effects.	Legalization of marijuana promotes violence in the streets.	Cannabis is nontoxic.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization of marijuana would increase the index of delinquency.	Prohibition has enormous social costs.	Marijuana has some effective uses.	Marijuana alleviates the suffering of people with chronic diseases. .	Legalization of Marijuana
The whole process is of legalisation could have adverse effects on the masses.	The sale of Marijuana can help boost the economy.	Marijuana has many health benefits that have yet to be explored.	The accepatance of legal marijuana can cause people to become lax in other drug use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Decriminalizing marijuana can lead to decreased crime rates.	The Founding Fathers grew and smoked hemp.	People who use marijuana are mentally stuck at the age they were when they began using the drug.	Marijuana is a less dangerous drug than alcohol.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana use is less dangerous than alcohol use.	Marijuana helps some people out in life.	Legalization of marijuana will result to people not pushing hard drugs.	Exceptions should be considered allow people with medical issues that will benefit from legalization of Marijuana.	Legalization of Marijuana
There have been no overdoses or risks with the use of marijuana.	Overuse of marijuana can be problematic.	Marijuana users have a greater risk of having children with ADD and other similar conditions.	The benefits of the criminalization of marijuana are minuscule to nonexistent.	Legalization of Marijuana
Medicinal marijuana should be legalized.	Legalizing marijuana will make it easier for people to become addicted to it.	Legalizing marijuana would keep individual states from violating the federal law.	Marijuana can help cancer patients feel better.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana can be used to treat physical and mental conditions.	Marijuana is not healthy.	Legalizing marijuana creates a danger of second-hand smoke to Bystanders.	There is nothing wrong with marijuana.	Legalization of Marijuana
The government should legalize marijuana nationwide.	Marijuana is not just a recreational drug.	Marijuana smoking is an offence.	Marijuana should be legailzed.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization can cause competition with people in places where it is illegal.	Marijuana has been proven to help with migraines.	No one is harmed in the consumption of marijuana.	Cannabis has medical properties.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana should be legalized and approve for medical issues.	Marijuana should be discouraged.	Legalizing marijuana reduces the prison population.	Legalization wont lead to increased use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana can be harmful.	Marijuana is bad for your health.	Legalizing marijuana helps people with chronic pain.	Marijuana has medical benefits.	Legalization of Marijuana
There is no correlation between marijuana use and harder drug use.	Freely available marijuana condones its recreational use.	If Marijuana gets legalized it should pay big amounts of taxes.	Marijuana should be as readily available as cigarettes are.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana is less harmful than consuming legal substances such as alcohol or tobacco.	Legalizing marijuana will stimulate the local economy.	Marijuana prohibition has proved ineffective at preventing marijuana usage.	Marijuana would cost society less if it were legal because the government could control the quality.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana use will not increase just because it is legalized.	Marijuana should be legalized for medical purposes only.	Marijuana can help with a number of health conditions.	Making cannabis illegal has not discouarged its use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization should conly occur once laws surrounding when and where marijuana use is allowed are established.	Marijuana is and should be illegal. End of conversation.	Expanding the legal use of marijuana makes the illegal use easier.	Policing marijuana is not worth the effort and has led to brutality.	Legalization of Marijuana
The government should not promote the use of marijuna.	Legalizing medical maraijuana creates a new tax base.	Marijuana should be completely legal but subject to the same rules as liquor.	Medical marijuana can benefit terminally ill.	Legalization of Marijuana
No drugs at all should be legalized.	Marijuana is incorrectly labelled as a Class 1 Narcotic.	Legalizing marijuana removes the forbidden fruit factor of its use.	Marijuana legalisation can be hazardous.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana helps glaucoma patients deal with their sight issues.	Marijuana is not a drug.	Expanding marijuana legality encourages illegal use.	Legalization of marijuana can entail encouragement and may cause people to recklessly engage in other illegal drugs.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana could cause harm to society.	Making marijuana legal limits issues of crossing state lines.	If cigarettes are legal Marijuana should be to because marijuana  is healthier  for you than tobacco.	Promoting any drugs can be a gateway to harder drugs.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana could help people with eating disorders.	Marijuana helps treat a number of diseases.	Marijuana is safer than cigarettes and alcohol.	Marijuana is recognized in the medical profession as an aid for the greatly sick people.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization of Marijuana will result in an increase of Stoned Driving and Related Cases.	Legalizing marijuana will keep people out of jail.	Marijuana has helped several incurable diseases.	Marijuana can be used strictly for medical use of relieving pain.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana is a gateway drug.	Drug abuse can kill.	Legalization of Marijuana is good for the economy.	Decriminalizing marijuana redirects the profit from the black market to government funding.	Legalization of Marijuana
Cannabis has legitimate medical effects.	Marijuana should be scarce.	Legalizing marijuana use allows police authorities focus on other crimes.	Legalization of marijuana removes the profit incentive for drug cartels.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana eases pain.	Legalizing marijuana can allow another tax revenue.	Legalization may make it appear that drugs are more acceptable for recreational usage.	Legalization of Marijuana will be very important to sick people.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization of Marijuana should not be approved.	Legalization results in a reduction in the Business for Drug Dealers (Including Terrorists).	Promoting the use of marijuana will increase damage of human brain.	Marijuana is addictive.	Legalization of Marijuana
Medical marijuana can aid in methods that do not improve health.	Marijuana use can help people suffering from pain or chronic illness.	People with chronic illness have benefited by the use of Marijuana.	Marijuana is proven to have medical benefits.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization can cause competition with people in places where it is illegal.	Legalizing marijuana reduces the prison population.	Medical marijuana can benefit terminally ill.	Marijuana is incorrectly labelled as a Class 1 Narcotic.	Legalization of Marijuana
Making cannabis illegal has not discouarged its use.	Legalizing marijuana increases revenue for states.	Marijuana should be discouraged.	The accepatance of legal marijuana can cause people to become lax in other drug use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Medical marijuana can aid in methods that do not improve health.	Marijuana is fun.	Promoting the use of marijuana will increase damage of human brain.	Legalization of marijuana can entail encouragement and may cause people to recklessly engage in other illegal drugs.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijauna kills brain cells.	Decriminalizing marijuana redirects the profit from the black market to government funding.	Marijuana is not healthy.	Marijuana helps suffering of diseases.	Legalization of Marijuana
The consumption on marijuana can lead to more serious drug use.	Legalizing medical maraijuana creates a new tax base.	Allowing the legal use of marijuana will prevent drug dealers from selling it.	There is no correlation between marijuana use and harder drug use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing marijuana will keep people out of jail.	Cannabis is nontoxic.	Marijuana has been proven to help with migraines.	Freely available marijuana condones its recreational use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Cannabis saves lives.	If Marijuana gets legalized it should pay big amounts of taxes.	The whole process is of legalisation could have adverse effects on the masses.	People who use marijuana are mentally stuck at the age they were when they began using the drug.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana is and should be illegal. End of conversation.	There have been no overdoses or risks with the use of marijuana.	Marijuana would cost society less if it were legal because the government could control the quality.	Marijuana is less harmful than other drugs (such as alcohol).	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana use is less dangerous than alcohol use.	Policing marijuana is not worth the effort and has led to brutality.	Marijuana as being legal can create a delusion with young people that it is okay and may lead to extensive drug use.	Marijuana causes memory loss.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana is bad for your health.	Marijuana is proven to have medical benefits.	Keeping marijuana illegal just leads to increased police efforts to stop the use of the drug.	Legalization of marijuana will result to people not pushing hard drugs.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing marijuana creates a danger of second-hand smoke to Bystanders.	Marijuana can be used strictly for medical use of relieving pain.	Marijuanna use can help cope with stress.	Marijuana can be harmful.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana is a gateway drug.	Freely available marijuana encourages recreational use.	Promoting any drugs can be a gateway to harder drugs.	Marijuana has side effects.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization results in a reduction in the Business for Drug Dealers (Including Terrorists).	Marijuana helps treat a number of diseases.	Marijuana has some effective uses.	Marijuana could help people with eating disorders.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana alleviates the suffering of people with chronic diseases.	Cannabis has legitimate medical effects.	Those that are capable of responsible usage in regards to medicinal purposes should be allowed access to legal marijuana.	Marijuana has helped several incurable diseases.	Legalization of Marijuana
The benefits of the criminalization of marijuana are minuscule to nonexistent.	Marijuana should be as readily available as cigarettes are.	The government should not promote the use of marijuna.	Marijuana has many health benefits that have yet to be explored.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing marijuana will make it easier for people to become addicted to it.	Marijuana can help with a number of health conditions.	Marijuana use will not increase just because it is legalized.	Cannabis is not physically addictive.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana could cause harm to society.	Marijuana should be legalized for medical purposes only.	Marijuana can be used to treat physical and mental conditions.	Legalizing medical marijuana will reduce illegal sale of marijuana.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana helps glaucoma patients deal with their sight issues.	Marijuana is addictive.	Legalization of Marijuana will result in an increase of Stoned Driving and Related Cases.	Legalizing marijuana lowers crime (no dealers etc.).	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana use can help people suffering from pain or chronic illness.	Cannabis has medical properties.	The Founding Fathers grew and smoked hemp.	Making marijuana legal limits issues of crossing state lines.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana causes damage to the Brain.	Government should not approve the legalization of Marijuana.	Marijuana is safer than cigarettes and alcohol.	Proper administration and monitoring of marijuana can keep use safe and useful.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana is not just a recreational drug.	Marijuana eases pain.	Legalizing marijuana removes the forbidden fruit factor of its use.	Marijuana is not a drug.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing marijuana will stimulate the local economy.	Legalization may make it appear that drugs are more acceptable for recreational usage.	Marijuana should be legalized and approve for medical issues.	Marijuana is recognized in the medical profession as an aid for the greatly sick people.	Legalization of Marijuana
The sale of Marijuana can help boost the economy.	Marijuana can help cancer patients feel better.	Marijuana should be made legal.	Legalizing marijuana helps people with chronic pain.	Legalization of Marijuana
Drug abuse can kill.	Marijuana prohibition has proved ineffective at preventing marijuana usage.	Marijuana alleviates the suffering of people with chronic diseases. .	Legalization of marijuana removes the profit incentive for drug cartels.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana users have a greater risk of having children with ADD and other similar conditions.	Medicinal marijuana should be legalized.	People with chronic illness have benefited by the use of Marijuana.	Expanding the legal use of marijuana makes the illegal use easier.	Legalization of Marijuana
The government should legalize marijuana nationwide.	Legalizing marijuana can allow another tax revenue.	Overuse of marijuana can be problematic.	Legalization of marijuana promotes violence in the streets.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana should be legailzed.	Prohibition has enormous social costs.	Legalizing marijuana use allows police authorities focus on other crimes.	Marijuana is a less dangerous drug than alcohol.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization of Marijuana will be very important to sick people.	Legalizing marijuana would keep individual states from violating the federal law.	No one is harmed in the consumption of marijuana.	It is impossible to overdose on marijuana.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana has medical benefits.	Marijuana use is less addictive than tobacco use.	Legalizing marijuana would make it safer because the production process would be regulated.	The government should discourage any drug usage.	Legalization of Marijuana
If cigarettes are legal Marijuana should be to because marijuana  is healthier  for you than tobacco.	Legalization of Marijuana is good for the economy.	Marijuana smoking is an offence.	Marijuana helps some people out in life.	Legalization of Marijuana
Expanding marijuana legality encourages illegal use.	Legalization wont lead to increased use.	Legalization should conly occur once laws surrounding when and where marijuana use is allowed are established.	Legalization of marijuana would increase the index of delinquency.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana use can lead to other drug use.	Marijuana should be completely legal but subject to the same rules as liquor.	Legalization of Marijuana should not be approved.	There is nothing wrong with marijuana.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana legalisation can be hazardous.	No drugs at all should be legalized.	Marijuana is less harmful than consuming legal substances such as alcohol or tobacco.	People who smoke marijuana perform just as well at their jobs as people who don't smoke marijuana.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legal authorities will benefit from legalizing marijuana as it will reduce illegal use and prosecutions.	Marijuana should be scarce.	Legalizing marijuana opens a new market and strengthens the economy.	Decriminalizing marijuana can lead to decreased crime rates.	Legalization of Marijuana
Exceptions should be considered allow people with medical issues that will benefit from legalization of Marijuana.	Marijuana should be denied to people.	Marijauna kills brain cells.	Marijuana can help cancer patients feel better.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing marijuana lowers crime (no dealers etc.).	Marijuana should be as readily available as cigarettes are.	Marijuana is fun.	Marijuana helps some people out in life.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing marijuana will make it easier for people to become addicted to it.	Marijuana eases pain.	Keeping marijuana illegal just leads to increased police efforts to stop the use of the drug.	If cigarettes are legal Marijuana should be to because marijuana  is healthier  for you than tobacco.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization of Marijuana will be very important to sick people.	The consumption on marijuana can lead to more serious drug use.	Cannabis has medical properties.	Legalizing marijuana reduces the prison population.	Legalization of Marijuana
People with chronic illness have benefited by the use of Marijuana.	Marijuana has been proven to help with migraines.	No drugs at all should be legalized.	If Marijuana gets legalized it should pay big amounts of taxes.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization of marijuana promotes violence in the streets.	Legalization of Marijuana should not be approved.	Legalizing marijuana opens a new market and strengthens the economy.	Legalization of marijuana can entail encouragement and may cause people to recklessly engage in other illegal drugs.	Legalization of Marijuana
The government should not promote the use of marijuna.	Legalization of Marijuana will result in an increase of Stoned Driving and Related Cases.	Marijuana should be legalized for medical purposes only.	Legalization of marijuana would increase the index of delinquency.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana would cost society less if it were legal because the government could control the quality.	Marijuana is a gateway drug.	Proper administration and monitoring of marijuana can keep use safe and useful.	Marijuana is incorrectly labelled as a Class 1 Narcotic.	Legalization of Marijuana
Prohibition has enormous social costs.	There have been no overdoses or risks with the use of marijuana.	The accepatance of legal marijuana can cause people to become lax in other drug use.	Marijuana has helped several incurable diseases.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana helps glaucoma patients deal with their sight issues.	Marijuana causes damage to the Brain.	Those that are capable of responsible usage in regards to medicinal purposes should be allowed access to legal marijuana.	Making cannabis illegal has not discouarged its use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana helps suffering of diseases.	Marijuana should be made legal.	People who smoke marijuana perform just as well at their jobs as people who don't smoke marijuana.	Marijuana should be completely legal but subject to the same rules as liquor.	Legalization of Marijuana
People who use marijuana are mentally stuck at the age they were when they began using the drug.	The whole process is of legalisation could have adverse effects on the masses.	Marijuana can be used strictly for medical use of relieving pain.	Legalizing marijuana removes the forbidden fruit factor of its use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Cannabis saves lives.	Marijuana is safer than cigarettes and alcohol.	Legalizing marijuana use allows police authorities focus on other crimes.	Marijuana is and should be illegal. End of conversation.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana alleviates the suffering of people with chronic diseases. .	Legal authorities will benefit from legalizing marijuana as it will reduce illegal use and prosecutions.	Cannabis is nontoxic.	Promoting the use of marijuana will increase damage of human brain.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana use can help people suffering from pain or chronic illness.	It is impossible to overdose on marijuana.	Marijuana is less harmful than consuming legal substances such as alcohol or tobacco.	Marijuana prohibition has proved ineffective at preventing marijuana usage.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana can help with a number of health conditions.	Freely available marijuana encourages recreational use.	Marijuana could cause harm to society.	Marijuana should be scarce.	Legalization of Marijuana
Expanding marijuana legality encourages illegal use.	Marijuana is not healthy.	Legalization should conly occur once laws surrounding when and where marijuana use is allowed are established.	Marijuana should be legalized and approve for medical issues.	Legalization of Marijuana
Cannabis is not physically addictive.	Marijuana legalisation can be hazardous.	Marijuana use can lead to other drug use.	No one is harmed in the consumption of marijuana.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing marijuana increases revenue for states.	Legalizing marijuana creates a danger of second-hand smoke to Bystanders.	Marijuana has some effective uses.	Legalizing marijuana would keep individual states from violating the federal law.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization of Marijuana is good for the economy.	Marijuana use is less addictive than tobacco use.	Medical marijuana can aid in methods that do not improve health.	Marijuana as being legal can create a delusion with young people that it is okay and may lead to extensive drug use.	Legalization of Marijuana
Freely available marijuana condones its recreational use.	Legalizing marijuana helps people with chronic pain.	Marijuana is proven to have medical benefits.	The sale of Marijuana can help boost the economy.	Legalization of Marijuana
The Founding Fathers grew and smoked hemp.	Marijuana smoking is an offence.	Legalization can cause competition with people in places where it is illegal.	Marijuana should be legailzed.	Legalization of Marijuana
Medicinal marijuana should be legalized.	The benefits of the criminalization of marijuana are minuscule to nonexistent.	Marijuana is bad for your health.	Government should not approve the legalization of Marijuana.	Legalization of Marijuana
Decriminalizing marijuana redirects the profit from the black market to government funding.	Decriminalizing marijuana can lead to decreased crime rates.	Legalizing marijuana would make it safer because the production process would be regulated.	Marijuana is not a drug.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing medical maraijuana creates a new tax base.	Marijuana is less harmful than other drugs (such as alcohol).	Marijuana can be used to treat physical and mental conditions.	Marijuana helps treat a number of diseases.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana use will not increase just because it is legalized.	Medical marijuana can benefit terminally ill.	Marijuana has side effects.	Making marijuana legal limits issues of crossing state lines.	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalizing marijuana can allow another tax revenue.	Legalizing marijuana will stimulate the local economy.	There is no correlation between marijuana use and harder drug use.	Legalizing medical marijuana will reduce illegal sale of marijuana.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana can be harmful.	Marijuana has medical benefits.	Overuse of marijuana can be problematic.	Policing marijuana is not worth the effort and has led to brutality.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana use is less dangerous than alcohol use.	Marijuana could help people with eating disorders.	Marijuana users have a greater risk of having children with ADD and other similar conditions.	Marijuana is a less dangerous drug than alcohol.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana alleviates the suffering of people with chronic diseases.	Legalization may make it appear that drugs are more acceptable for recreational usage.	The government should legalize marijuana nationwide.	Marijuana has many health benefits that have yet to be explored.	Legalization of Marijuana
Exceptions should be considered allow people with medical issues that will benefit from legalization of Marijuana.	Expanding the legal use of marijuana makes the illegal use easier.	Cannabis has legitimate medical effects.	Legalization results in a reduction in the Business for Drug Dealers (Including Terrorists).	Legalization of Marijuana
Legalization of marijuana will result to people not pushing hard drugs.	Marijuana should be denied to people.	There is nothing wrong with marijuana.	The government should discourage any drug usage.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana should be discouraged.	Marijuana is addictive.	Legalizing marijuana will keep people out of jail.	Marijuanna use can help cope with stress.	Legalization of Marijuana
Marijuana is not just a recreational drug.	Drug abuse can kill.	Marijuana is recognized in the medical profession as an aid for the greatly sick people.	Legalization of marijuana removes the profit incentive for drug cartels.	Legalization of Marijuana
Promoting any drugs can be a gateway to harder drugs.	Allowing the legal use of marijuana will prevent drug dealers from selling it.	Legalization wont lead to increased use.	Marijuana causes memory loss.	Legalization of Marijuana
Allowing gay marriage is encouraging same sexual relationships that can lead  to AIDs.	Gay couples who want to raise children should have the same rights as opposite sex couples.	Same-sex couples should have their rights protected by the government.	Banning same-sex marriage is a violation of the separation of church and state.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex marriage is unlike any other marriage.	Gay couples should have the same basic human rights as other people.	Gay couples are a good example for all the people.	Every person should have the right to marry who they choose.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage will speed up the assimilation of gay individuals into the mainstream heterosexual culture which will be detrimental to the homosexual community.	Religious beliefs should not enter into the right to marry.	Same sex couples should have access to the same benefits and securities as couples of opposite sex.	There should be the same conditions for gay and heterosexual couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage of gay couples provides a more stable environment for raising children.	Allowing same-sex marriage will lead to an increase in the AIDS epidemic.	Same-sex marriage is marriage between two people who love one another.	Legalization of gay marriage leads down the slippery slope of eliminating gender identity  leading to gender confusion.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Homosexuals make good parents.	Same sex adopting could solve the issue of overcrowded orphanages.	It is immoral to deny same sex couples the right to marry.	Gay couples are more than capable of providing good homes to needy children.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
It is wrong to discriminate against homosexuals.	Its not my buisness who you choose to be with.	Same sex marriage should share thesame  benefits with other forms of marriage.	Gay couple are responsible like a heterosexual couple.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Homosexuals can be as good a person as a heterosexual.	Same sex marriage is relative to people's culture and belief.	Children of same-sex couples will turn out gay.	Gay couples should have the same rights as other couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
The bible defines homosexual acts as abominations. End of conversation.	Same sex marriage is the same as heterosexual marriage and should not be treated differently.	Same-sex marriage allows same sex couples to share health insurance benefits like any other married couple.	Legalizing same-sex marriage promotes and advances the homosexual agenda  with children being targeted.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage is a basic human right.	One person's believes should not affect another persons rights.	Gay couples could love each other more than a heterosexual couple.	Marriage is an internationally recognized human right for all people.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex couples are human beings and must be able to fulfill their desires.	In the instance that it is believed marriage is for reproduction purposes same sex marriages do not fit this standard.	Civil union is not equal to marriage.	Marriage should be a choice for everyone.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex couples should have the same duties as heterosexuals marriages.	Singling out and denying a group to marry based upon their sexual orientation is discrimination and subsequently creates a second class of citizens.	Marriage is a holy union for man amd woman, not woman and woman or man and man.	It is not ok to let children see same sex couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage equality provides legitimacy to already existing relationships.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage is not Natural.	Same-sex marriages increase the chances of leading to other unaccepted love-forms such as incest, polygamy and bestiality.	Adoption by same sex partners can provide a home to a child in need.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
We all must have the same rights.	Marriage should not be a political argument.	All of age and sound mind human beings should be able to choose freely to whom they want to marry. it is not a choice for the government to limit.	A persons sexuality does not determine if they are good parents.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Homosexual marriage is not somthing out of the norms.	Homosexuality is a sin.	Same sex couples should have the same financial obligations in divorce that heterosexual couples do.	Same sex marriage doesn't affect ones parenting style.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
There is more domestic abuse in homosexual couples.	How does traditional marriage between a man and a woman equal marriage between two men or two women? It doesn't!.	Legalizing same sex marriage protects marriage.	Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as being between a man and a woman.	Denying marriage to only certain groups is discrimination.	Same-sex marriage is consistent with homosexuality which is immoral and unnatural.	Same sex marriage promotes stability of same sex relationships the same as heterosexual couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage is for everyone.	Human rights encompass all equally.	Same sex Marriage childrens will be victims of bullying.	Marriage is an international recognized human right for all people.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex violate the word of God hence is incompatible with the belief of many religions.	Gay people should have the right to get married.	The biological part should play major role in taking decisions on same sex-marriage.	Allowing same-sex marriage will create a "slippery slope" where people will begin to fight for other alternative marriages  such as polygamy.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex partners deserve the same rights others.	Gay people can be just fine parents.	Homosexuals should have the same rights as heterosexuals.	Homosexuality is not a disease.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couples make good parents.	Gay couples have relationships just like heterosexual couples.	The Bible is against homosexuality.	Parenting capabilities should not be determined by whether a person is gay or not as parents from opposite sex marriages are also capable of bad parenting.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalizing same sex marriage protects the children of these unions.	Marriage should only be between a man and a woman.	Gay marriage is a slippery slope to normalizing other fetishes.	For tax purposes same sex couples should be able to file jointly.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Making committed human connections is good for physical and mental health.	Civil unions and domestic partnerships afford many of the rights of marriage thus marriage should not be expanded to include same-sex couples.	Marriage is a religious commitment.	Gay people should have the same rights as straight people.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
People should have the same benefits in regards to marriage no matter what.	Marriage is a legal contract and should be open to all consenting adults.	Love is a right for everyone.	God intended marriage to between a man and woman only.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex Marriaged should not get especial legal treatment.	Not all marriages reproduce, so same sex couples should not be treated differently just because they cannot biologically reproduce with each other.	Same sex marriage will benefit society because couples can depend on each other for social security and recognition of status.	Legalizing same sex marriage protects the partners.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay Marriage should be legalized.	Same-sex marriage does not take away from the important message of marriage.	Same-sex marriage violated the word of God thus is incompatible with the beliefs of many religions.	Everyone deserves the freedom to commit themselves to their partner.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage was God's idea. He defined it as between a man and a woman only. End of conversation.	Same-sex marriage should be allowed as they are humans who feel emotions as well.	There is no evidence that same-sex couples are any more likely to get divorced than opposite-sex couples.	Same-sex couples should have the possibility of making a family.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
It is discriminatory to deny same-sex couples options to marry.	Gay people deserve the right to marry.	Same sex marriage shouldn't be up for debate.	Gay people have shown to raise children well or better like other couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Saying that gay people should get married is like saying that a brother can marry his sister  both are at higher risk of disease.	Marriage has always been between a man and a woman.	Same sex marriages should not be denied and marriage is marriage regardless.	Same-sex marriage should not be legalized.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriages should be accepted by churches.	Same sex marriage is not moral.	If same sex couples were to adopt it would confuse the child.	Homosexuality is not a choice and should not be treated as one.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
It is not natural for two people of the same gender to be married.	Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples because they cannot produce children together.	Allow same sex couple.	Same sex couples should have the same financial benefits as other couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage demeans heterosexual marriage.	Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.	It is unfair not to afford homosexuals the same rights.	Same sex couples should have to same rights as everyone else.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex couples should have the same benefits as heterosexual couples.	Same-sex couples have the right to be happy.	Love is love no matter the gender.	There is no evidence that opposite-sex couples make better parents than same-sex couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
There are consequences for children of same-sex marriages as children need to have a male father and female mother.	Same sex marriage increases the chances of leading to other unaccepted marriages (e.g. with animals) and non traditional marriages.	Marriage is just a piece of paper.	Churches should be able to not allow same sex marriages as part of their rights.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couples should not be able to adopt a child because it would be confusing for a child.	Homosexuals should be able to adopt kids.	Same-sex couples are just as capable  of forming a family unit.	Gay couple shouldn't be discriminated.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as a being between a man and a woman.	The Supreme Court overstepped its bounds by allowing same-sex marriage.	Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory.	God loves all the people for equal.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage is between two people not the government.	Same sex couple love just as do everyone else and are entitled the right to the same benefits as other human beings.	Homosexuals are good parents.	Same sex marriage should be allowed.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalization of same sex marriage are good for LGBT community.	Everybody have freedom of their choice and therefore should be entitled for same sex marriage.	Same sex marriage should not be legalized because its againts God's will.	Legalization of same sex marriage should be approved because it's their choice.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
For tax purposes same sex couples should be able to file jointly.	Same-sex marriage undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as a being between a man and a woman.	Gay couples should not be able to adopt a child because it would be confusing for a child.	Marriage of gay couples provides a more stable environment for raising children.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couples who want to raise children should have the same rights as opposite sex couples.	One person's believes should not affect another persons rights.	Gay couple are responsible like a heterosexual couple.	Marriage is a holy union for man amd woman, not woman and woman or man and man.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex couples should have their rights protected by the government.	It is unfair not to afford homosexuals the same rights.	Homosexuals should be able to adopt kids.	A persons sexuality does not determine if they are good parents.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
It is discriminatory to deny same-sex couples options to marry.	Marriage should be a choice for everyone.	Same sex marriage increases the chances of leading to other unaccepted marriages (e.g. with animals) and non traditional marriages.	Love is a right for everyone.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Civil union is not equal to marriage.	Religious beliefs should not enter into the right to marry.	Homosexual marriage is not somthing out of the norms.	It is wrong to discriminate against homosexuals.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage was God's idea. He defined it as between a man and a woman only. End of conversation.	Homosexuals are good parents.	Same sex couples should have the same benefits as heterosexual couples.	Same sex marriage is not moral.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
The Bible is against homosexuality.	All of age and sound mind human beings should be able to choose freely to whom they want to marry. it is not a choice for the government to limit.	People should have the same benefits in regards to marriage no matter what.	Marriage is between two people not the government.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Saying that gay people should get married is like saying that a brother can marry his sister  both are at higher risk of disease.	Gay couples are a good example for all the people.	The biological part should play major role in taking decisions on same sex-marriage.	Gay people can be just fine parents.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Allow same sex couple.	Same sex marriage shouldn't be up for debate.	Marriage is a religious commitment.	Same sex couple love just as do everyone else and are entitled the right to the same benefits as other human beings.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage violated the word of God thus is incompatible with the beliefs of many religions.	There should be the same conditions for gay and heterosexual couples.	Marriage should not be a political argument.	Love is love no matter the gender.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Parenting capabilities should not be determined by whether a person is gay or not as parents from opposite sex marriages are also capable of bad parenting.	Gay people should have the same rights as straight people.	Same-sex marriages increase the chances of leading to other unaccepted love-forms such as incest, polygamy and bestiality.	Same sex couples should have the same financial benefits as other couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Singling out and denying a group to marry based upon their sexual orientation is discrimination and subsequently creates a second class of citizens.	Not all marriages reproduce, so same sex couples should not be treated differently just because they cannot biologically reproduce with each other.	Same sex couples should have access to the same benefits and securities as couples of opposite sex.	Marriage is just a piece of paper.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage is an international recognized human right for all people.	Marriage has always been between a man and a woman.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage is not Natural.	Allowing gay marriage is encouraging same sexual relationships that can lead  to AIDs.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex marriage promotes stability of same sex relationships the same as heterosexual couples.	Allowing same-sex marriage will create a "slippery slope" where people will begin to fight for other alternative marriages  such as polygamy.	Gay couples are more than capable of providing good homes to needy children.	Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay people deserve the right to marry.	Homosexuals should have the same rights as heterosexuals.	Legalization of same sex marriage should be approved because it's their choice.	Same sex marriages should not be denied and marriage is marriage regardless.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couples have relationships just like heterosexual couples.	Same-sex couples are just as capable  of forming a family unit.	Same sex marriage is relative to people's culture and belief.	In the instance that it is believed marriage is for reproduction purposes same sex marriages do not fit this standard.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex Marriage childrens will be victims of bullying.	Same sex adopting could solve the issue of overcrowded orphanages.	Same-sex marriage is marriage between two people who love one another.	Same-sex marriage undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as being between a man and a woman.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Adoption by same sex partners can provide a home to a child in need.	Every person should have the right to marry who they choose.	How does traditional marriage between a man and a woman equal marriage between two men or two women? It doesn't!.	God intended marriage to between a man and woman only.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
There is no evidence that opposite-sex couples make better parents than same-sex couples.	Human rights encompass all equally.	Legalization of gay marriage leads down the slippery slope of eliminating gender identity  leading to gender confusion.	We all must have the same rights.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
It is not natural for two people of the same gender to be married.	Everyone deserves the freedom to commit themselves to their partner.	Same sex marriage should be allowed.	The bible defines homosexual acts as abominations. End of conversation.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex couples have the right to be happy.	Same sex marriage is the same as heterosexual marriage and should not be treated differently.	Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.	Same sex violate the word of God hence is incompatible with the belief of many religions.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
It is not ok to let children see same sex couples.	Same-sex marriage allows same sex couples to share health insurance benefits like any other married couple.	Children of same-sex couples will turn out gay.	Same sex marriage is unlike any other marriage.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex couples should have the possibility of making a family.	Marriage should only be between a man and a woman.	Marriage equality provides legitimacy to already existing relationships.	Marriage is an internationally recognized human right for all people.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
If same sex couples were to adopt it would confuse the child.	Same sex marriage will benefit society because couples can depend on each other for social security and recognition of status.	Churches should be able to not allow same sex marriages as part of their rights.	Same-sex marriage should not be legalized.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Banning same-sex marriage is a violation of the separation of church and state.	Marriage is a basic human right.	Same sex marriage should not be legalized because its againts God's will.	Same-sex marriage should be allowed as they are humans who feel emotions as well.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalizing same-sex marriage promotes and advances the homosexual agenda  with children being targeted.	The Supreme Court overstepped its bounds by allowing same-sex marriage.	It is immoral to deny same sex couples the right to marry.	Legalizing same sex marriage protects the children of these unions.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalization of same sex marriage are good for LGBT community.	Homosexuals can be as good a person as a heterosexual.	Allowing same-sex marriage will lead to an increase in the AIDS epidemic.	Homosexuality is not a choice and should not be treated as one.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage is a legal contract and should be open to all consenting adults.	Gay couples make good parents.	Everybody have freedom of their choice and therefore should be entitled for same sex marriage.	There are consequences for children of same-sex marriages as children need to have a male father and female mother.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples because they cannot produce children together.	Making committed human connections is good for physical and mental health.	Gay people should have the right to get married.	Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Denying marriage to only certain groups is discrimination.	Its not my buisness who you choose to be with.	Gay people have shown to raise children well or better like other couples.	Same-sex marriages should be accepted by churches.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
There is no evidence that same-sex couples are any more likely to get divorced than opposite-sex couples.	Homosexuality is not a disease.	There is more domestic abuse in homosexual couples.	Same sex marriage should share thesame  benefits with other forms of marriage.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couples should have the same rights as other couples.	Same-sex marriage is consistent with homosexuality which is immoral and unnatural.	Same sex couples are human beings and must be able to fulfill their desires.	Homosexuals make good parents.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex Marriaged should not get especial legal treatment.	Same sex marriage doesn't affect ones parenting style.	Gay couples could love each other more than a heterosexual couple.	Homosexuality is a sin.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay Marriage should be legalized.	Gay marriage is a slippery slope to normalizing other fetishes.	Legalizing same sex marriage protects the partners.	Gay couple shouldn't be discriminated.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couples should have the same basic human rights as other people.	Same sex couples should have the same financial obligations in divorce that heterosexual couples do.	Same-sex marriage will speed up the assimilation of gay individuals into the mainstream heterosexual culture which will be detrimental to the homosexual community.	Same sex couples should have to same rights as everyone else.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage does not take away from the important message of marriage.	Same-sex couples should have the same duties as heterosexuals marriages.	Marriage is for everyone.	Same-sex marriage demeans heterosexual marriage.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex partners deserve the same rights others.	Legalizing same sex marriage protects marriage.	Civil unions and domestic partnerships afford many of the rights of marriage thus marriage should not be expanded to include same-sex couples.	God loves all the people for equal.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalization of same sex marriage are good for LGBT community.	Marriage is a religious commitment.	Its not my buisness who you choose to be with.	It is immoral to deny same sex couples the right to marry.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex couples should have the same financial benefits as other couples.	Children of same-sex couples will turn out gay.	Homosexual marriage is not somthing out of the norms.	Same sex marriages should not be denied and marriage is marriage regardless.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalizing same-sex marriage promotes and advances the homosexual agenda  with children being targeted.	Banning same-sex marriage is a violation of the separation of church and state.	Allowing same-sex marriage will lead to an increase in the AIDS epidemic.	Marriage should be a choice for everyone.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couples should have the same basic human rights as other people.	Gay people deserve the right to marry.	Human rights encompass all equally.	If same sex couples were to adopt it would confuse the child.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex violate the word of God hence is incompatible with the belief of many religions.	Same sex marriage should not be legalized because its againts God's will.	It is not ok to let children see same sex couples.	God loves all the people for equal.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex marriage will benefit society because couples can depend on each other for social security and recognition of status.	Churches should be able to not allow same sex marriages as part of their rights.	Legalization of same sex marriage should be approved because it's their choice.	Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples because they cannot produce children together.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Homosexuality is a sin.	Same sex marriage is relative to people's culture and belief.	Love is love no matter the gender.	Marriage is between two people not the government.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as being between a man and a woman.	There should be the same conditions for gay and heterosexual couples.	Same-sex marriage does not take away from the important message of marriage.	Same-sex marriage should be allowed as they are humans who feel emotions as well.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
One person's believes should not affect another persons rights.	People should have the same benefits in regards to marriage no matter what.	Civil unions and domestic partnerships afford many of the rights of marriage thus marriage should not be expanded to include same-sex couples.	Marriage should not be a political argument.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage has always been between a man and a woman.	Same sex marriage is the same as heterosexual marriage and should not be treated differently.	Gay people should have the same rights as straight people.	Gay couple are responsible like a heterosexual couple.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage demeans heterosexual marriage.	Homosexuals are good parents.	Same-sex couples have the right to be happy.	Same-sex couples should have the same duties as heterosexuals marriages.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage is a basic human right.	Same sex marriage should share thesame  benefits with other forms of marriage.	Same-sex marriage violated the word of God thus is incompatible with the beliefs of many religions.	The biological part should play major role in taking decisions on same sex-marriage.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalization of gay marriage leads down the slippery slope of eliminating gender identity  leading to gender confusion.	Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples.	Same-sex marriage allows same sex couples to share health insurance benefits like any other married couple.	Not all marriages reproduce, so same sex couples should not be treated differently just because they cannot biologically reproduce with each other.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage is marriage between two people who love one another.	Marriage is just a piece of paper.	The Bible is against homosexuality.	Denying marriage to only certain groups is discrimination.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalization of Same-sex Marriage is not Natural.	Marriage of gay couples provides a more stable environment for raising children.	Saying that gay people should get married is like saying that a brother can marry his sister  both are at higher risk of disease.	Same sex couples should have to same rights as everyone else.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex Marriage childrens will be victims of bullying.	Same sex marriage shouldn't be up for debate.	Same sex marriage is not moral.	Legalizing same sex marriage protects the children of these unions.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.	Gay couples should have the same rights as other couples.	Marriage was God's idea. He defined it as between a man and a woman only. End of conversation.	Every person should have the right to marry who they choose.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex marriage promotes stability of same sex relationships the same as heterosexual couples.	There is no evidence that same-sex couples are any more likely to get divorced than opposite-sex couples.	Same-sex marriages increase the chances of leading to other unaccepted love-forms such as incest, polygamy and bestiality.	Gay people should have the right to get married.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
All of age and sound mind human beings should be able to choose freely to whom they want to marry. it is not a choice for the government to limit.	Allowing same-sex marriage will create a "slippery slope" where people will begin to fight for other alternative marriages  such as polygamy.	Marriage is a legal contract and should be open to all consenting adults.	Same-sex couples are just as capable  of forming a family unit.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Homosexuals should be able to adopt kids.	Gay people can be just fine parents.	Gay couples who want to raise children should have the same rights as opposite sex couples.	Same sex Marriaged should not get especial legal treatment.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couple shouldn't be discriminated.	Allow same sex couple.	It is discriminatory to deny same-sex couples options to marry.	Parenting capabilities should not be determined by whether a person is gay or not as parents from opposite sex marriages are also capable of bad parenting.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex marriage is unlike any other marriage.	Homosexuality is not a disease.	How does traditional marriage between a man and a woman equal marriage between two men or two women? It doesn't!.	The Supreme Court overstepped its bounds by allowing same-sex marriage.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
For tax purposes same sex couples should be able to file jointly.	Allowing gay marriage is encouraging same sexual relationships that can lead  to AIDs.	Singling out and denying a group to marry based upon their sexual orientation is discrimination and subsequently creates a second class of citizens.	Gay couples are a good example for all the people.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
A persons sexuality does not determine if they are good parents.	Same sex marriage should be allowed.	Gay marriage is a slippery slope to normalizing other fetishes.	Marriage is a holy union for man amd woman, not woman and woman or man and man.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalizing same sex marriage protects the partners.	Gay couples could love each other more than a heterosexual couple.	Same sex marriage increases the chances of leading to other unaccepted marriages (e.g. with animals) and non traditional marriages.	Same-sex marriage undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as a being between a man and a woman.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage equality provides legitimacy to already existing relationships.	There are consequences for children of same-sex marriages as children need to have a male father and female mother.	Everyone deserves the freedom to commit themselves to their partner.	Same-sex couples should have the possibility of making a family.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Civil union is not equal to marriage.	Gay Marriage should be legalized.	Gay couples should not be able to adopt a child because it would be confusing for a child.	Love is a right for everyone.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage should not be legalized.	Same sex couples should have the same benefits as heterosexual couples.	The bible defines homosexual acts as abominations. End of conversation.	We all must have the same rights.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory.	Homosexuals make good parents.	Adoption by same sex partners can provide a home to a child in need.	Gay people have shown to raise children well or better like other couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couples have relationships just like heterosexual couples.	Same sex couples should have the same financial obligations in divorce that heterosexual couples do.	Same-sex marriage will speed up the assimilation of gay individuals into the mainstream heterosexual culture which will be detrimental to the homosexual community.	Making committed human connections is good for physical and mental health.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
God intended marriage to between a man and woman only.	Same sex partners deserve the same rights others.	Homosexuals can be as good a person as a heterosexual.	Marriage is an international recognized human right for all people.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage is consistent with homosexuality which is immoral and unnatural.	Gay couples are more than capable of providing good homes to needy children.	Same sex marriage doesn't affect ones parenting style.	Marriage is an internationally recognized human right for all people.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Homosexuality is not a choice and should not be treated as one.	Same sex couple love just as do everyone else and are entitled the right to the same benefits as other human beings.	Same-sex couples should have their rights protected by the government.	It is not natural for two people of the same gender to be married.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
There is more domestic abuse in homosexual couples.	Legalizing same sex marriage protects marriage.	Homosexuals should have the same rights as heterosexuals.	Same-sex marriages should be accepted by churches.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex couples are human beings and must be able to fulfill their desires.	Religious beliefs should not enter into the right to marry.	Marriage should only be between a man and a woman.	It is unfair not to afford homosexuals the same rights.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex adopting could solve the issue of overcrowded orphanages.	Everybody have freedom of their choice and therefore should be entitled for same sex marriage.	Marriage is for everyone.	There is no evidence that opposite-sex couples make better parents than same-sex couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
In the instance that it is believed marriage is for reproduction purposes same sex marriages do not fit this standard.	Same sex couples should have access to the same benefits and securities as couples of opposite sex.	It is wrong to discriminate against homosexuals.	Gay couples make good parents.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couples make good parents.	Same sex violate the word of God hence is incompatible with the belief of many religions.	Same sex couples should have access to the same benefits and securities as couples of opposite sex.	Everybody have freedom of their choice and therefore should be entitled for same sex marriage.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay people should have the same rights as straight people.	Gay couples are a good example for all the people.	Same sex partners deserve the same rights others.	Legalization of same sex marriage should be approved because it's their choice.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex marriage is not moral.	Same-sex couples should have their rights protected by the government.	Same sex Marriaged should not get especial legal treatment.	Same sex marriage will benefit society because couples can depend on each other for social security and recognition of status.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Children of same-sex couples will turn out gay.	Marriage should only be between a man and a woman.	Gay couples are more than capable of providing good homes to needy children.	Same-sex couples are just as capable  of forming a family unit.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as a being between a man and a woman.	Civil union is not equal to marriage.	Legalizing same sex marriage protects the partners.	Singling out and denying a group to marry based upon their sexual orientation is discrimination and subsequently creates a second class of citizens.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex couple love just as do everyone else and are entitled the right to the same benefits as other human beings.	Homosexuals make good parents.	The Supreme Court overstepped its bounds by allowing same-sex marriage.	Gay couples should not be able to adopt a child because it would be confusing for a child.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
There is no evidence that opposite-sex couples make better parents than same-sex couples.	Same sex marriage should be allowed.	Same sex marriage should share thesame  benefits with other forms of marriage.	Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
The biological part should play major role in taking decisions on same sex-marriage.	Gay Marriage should be legalized.	People should have the same benefits in regards to marriage no matter what.	Every person should have the right to marry who they choose.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Banning same-sex marriage is a violation of the separation of church and state.	Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples because they cannot produce children together.	Same sex couples should have the same financial obligations in divorce that heterosexual couples do.	Same-sex marriages should be accepted by churches.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage allows same sex couples to share health insurance benefits like any other married couple.	Same sex marriage is relative to people's culture and belief.	It is discriminatory to deny same-sex couples options to marry.	Same-sex marriage should not be legalized.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Allowing same-sex marriage will create a "slippery slope" where people will begin to fight for other alternative marriages  such as polygamy.	Marriage is a basic human right.	Marriage of gay couples provides a more stable environment for raising children.	Same sex marriage shouldn't be up for debate.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Homosexuality is not a disease.	Allowing same-sex marriage will lead to an increase in the AIDS epidemic.	We all must have the same rights.	Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex marriage doesn't affect ones parenting style.	If same sex couples were to adopt it would confuse the child.	Gay couples should have the same rights as other couples.	Marriage is for everyone.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couples could love each other more than a heterosexual couple.	Marriage is a holy union for man amd woman, not woman and woman or man and man.	Same sex Marriage childrens will be victims of bullying.	Homosexuality is not a choice and should not be treated as one.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Adoption by same sex partners can provide a home to a child in need.	There are consequences for children of same-sex marriages as children need to have a male father and female mother.	There is no evidence that same-sex couples are any more likely to get divorced than opposite-sex couples.	Homosexuals can be as good a person as a heterosexual.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalization of Same-sex Marriage is not Natural.	Marriage is an international recognized human right for all people.	The Bible is against homosexuality.	Gay marriage is a slippery slope to normalizing other fetishes.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalization of gay marriage leads down the slippery slope of eliminating gender identity  leading to gender confusion.	Same-sex couples should have the same duties as heterosexuals marriages.	Gay couples who want to raise children should have the same rights as opposite sex couples.	Everyone deserves the freedom to commit themselves to their partner.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same-sex marriage is marriage between two people who love one another.	Marriage is a legal contract and should be open to all consenting adults.	Marriage is an internationally recognized human right for all people.	Same-sex marriage demeans heterosexual marriage.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
It is not ok to let children see same sex couples.	One person's believes should not affect another persons rights.	Allowing gay marriage is encouraging same sexual relationships that can lead  to AIDs.	Gay couple are responsible like a heterosexual couple.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalizing same-sex marriage promotes and advances the homosexual agenda  with children being targeted.	Same sex marriage promotes stability of same sex relationships the same as heterosexual couples.	It is immoral to deny same sex couples the right to marry.	Denying marriage to only certain groups is discrimination.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couples should have the same basic human rights as other people.	Homosexuals are good parents.	Same sex marriage increases the chances of leading to other unaccepted marriages (e.g. with animals) and non traditional marriages.	Civil unions and domestic partnerships afford many of the rights of marriage thus marriage should not be expanded to include same-sex couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
For tax purposes same sex couples should be able to file jointly.	Same sex couples should have the same benefits as heterosexual couples.	How does traditional marriage between a man and a woman equal marriage between two men or two women? It doesn't!.	Same-sex marriage violated the word of God thus is incompatible with the beliefs of many religions.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage is between two people not the government.	In the instance that it is believed marriage is for reproduction purposes same sex marriages do not fit this standard.	Gay people should have the right to get married.	Same-sex marriage does not take away from the important message of marriage.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalizing same sex marriage protects marriage.	Parenting capabilities should not be determined by whether a person is gay or not as parents from opposite sex marriages are also capable of bad parenting.	Same sex couples should have to same rights as everyone else.	Not all marriages reproduce, so same sex couples should not be treated differently just because they cannot biologically reproduce with each other.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
God loves all the people for equal.	Same-sex marriage undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as being between a man and a woman.	Same-sex marriage will speed up the assimilation of gay individuals into the mainstream heterosexual culture which will be detrimental to the homosexual community.	God intended marriage to between a man and woman only.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Gay couple shouldn't be discriminated.	There is more domestic abuse in homosexual couples.	Same sex adopting could solve the issue of overcrowded orphanages.	Human rights encompass all equally.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage is a religious commitment.	Same-sex marriage is consistent with homosexuality which is immoral and unnatural.	Love is love no matter the gender.	Homosexuals should be able to adopt kids.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex couples should have the same financial benefits as other couples.	All of age and sound mind human beings should be able to choose freely to whom they want to marry. it is not a choice for the government to limit.	Same sex marriage is unlike any other marriage.	Love is a right for everyone.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Homosexuality is a sin.	It is unfair not to afford homosexuals the same rights.	Same-sex marriages increase the chances of leading to other unaccepted love-forms such as incest, polygamy and bestiality.	Gay couples have relationships just like heterosexual couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Legalization of same sex marriage are good for LGBT community.	Legalizing same sex marriage protects the children of these unions.	Marriage is just a piece of paper.	Gay people deserve the right to marry.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Its not my buisness who you choose to be with.	Same-sex marriage should be allowed as they are humans who feel emotions as well.	Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory.	A persons sexuality does not determine if they are good parents.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
There should be the same conditions for gay and heterosexual couples.	Same sex marriages should not be denied and marriage is marriage regardless.	Homosexuals should have the same rights as heterosexuals.	Allow same sex couple.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage has always been between a man and a woman.	It is not natural for two people of the same gender to be married.	Same-sex couples should have the possibility of making a family.	Religious beliefs should not enter into the right to marry.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Making committed human connections is good for physical and mental health.	The bible defines homosexual acts as abominations. End of conversation.	Same-sex couples have the right to be happy.	Gay people can be just fine parents.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage equality provides legitimacy to already existing relationships.	Marriage was God's idea. He defined it as between a man and a woman only. End of conversation.	Marriage should not be a political argument.	Same sex marriage is the same as heterosexual marriage and should not be treated differently.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Same sex couples are human beings and must be able to fulfill their desires.	Saying that gay people should get married is like saying that a brother can marry his sister  both are at higher risk of disease.	Homosexual marriage is not somthing out of the norms.	Gay people have shown to raise children well or better like other couples.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
Marriage should be a choice for everyone.	It is wrong to discriminate against homosexuals.	Same sex marriage should not be legalized because its againts God's will.	Churches should be able to not allow same sex marriages as part of their rights.	Legalization of Same-sex Marriage
All the people have right to have all the vaccines.	Vaccines ensure public safety.	People who do not vaccinate put others at a higher risk.	Some people have side effects from vaccination.	Mandatory Vaccination
No vaccination can lead to people getting sick or even killed by a virus.	All people should have access to vaccines.	Doctors and science are more educated on vaccinations than parents and religious organizations.	Vaccination programs have been carried out extensively and have totally eradicated life threatening diseases from the human race.	Mandatory Vaccination
The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the small amounts they are used.	Vaccines should be free.	Vaccine's should be mandatory for everyone.	Vaccinations prevents disease.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines prevent disease outbreaks.	Vaccines should be mandatory.	Vaccines are crucial to make sure diseases don't start.	Vaccines can cause serious and fatal side effects.	Mandatory Vaccination
A greater number of people should be vaccinated for a vaccine to be effective.	Parents should choose whether or not to have their child vaccinated.	Vaccinations cause autism.	Vaccines help in supporting public health.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines have never been proven to work.	Diseases are more controlled under vaccines.	Children should not be allowed in school or daycare unless vaccinated.	Vaccine's can help one from getting sick.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are very helpful and very needed.	Patients have the right to know what is in vaccines.	There are social and religious groups that to be educated more about vaccination.	Vaccinations should be mandatory.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines help us live longer and protect us from fatal diseases.	The people have the right to choose if they want participe in vaccination or not.	Side effects of vaccinations are rare.	Vaccines can have adverse side effects such as the disease that the vaccine is trying to prevent.	Mandatory Vaccination
No tested vaccines are dangerous.	Vaccination is the administration of antigenic material.	Vaccinations should be a choice.	Vaccines provide immunity against diseases.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines improve the lives of citizens.	Vaccines prevent public health epidemics.	Artificial immunity will compromise the bodys ability to defend itself for a long time.	Early vaccines are safe.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are necessary to tackle strong diseases.	Most medical doctors and other healthcare professionals are positive about what has been achieved through vaccination in preventing and eradication a number of life threatening diseases.	Someone who is not vaccinated is at higher risk of getting certain diseases.	Vaccines should be mandatory when entering a public or private school.	Mandatory Vaccination
The government should promote campaigns for vaccination.	Vaccines save people's lives.	The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the amounts used.	Any method is ok to prevent major tragedies.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are not the perfect solution to diseases.	Children should be vaccinated from early childhood.	Vaccination should be free for everyone.	It is safe to use vaccines if the doctor recommends it.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines do not suit all people (e.g. people with diabetes).	Vaccinations should be mandatory for all school children.	Vaccines are key to development in Africa.	It should be mandatory for all people to get vaccines to protect those who cannot get vaccinated.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines prevent deadly diseases.	Vaccinations need to be regulated.	The ingredients in vaccines are unsafe in the amounts used.	Vaccines has to be somthing thats readilly available for people to buy.	Mandatory Vaccination
There must be greater support of vaccination from medical institutes.	Vaccines can cause adverse reactions.	Vaccines can cause very harmful side effects and are not always safe.	Vaccination should be mandatory at an early age.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination should be offered in school.	Vaccination prevents outbreaks of easily preventable diseases.	Vaccines endagers the human race in some areas.	The government should not intervene in personal medical choices.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines do not suit people with AIDS.	The benefits of vaccinations far outweigh the risks.	Vaccines prevent people from harmful diseases.	Vaccines need to be mandatory to promote safe health.	Mandatory Vaccination
A lot of money has been saved since the advent and adoption of vaccination.	Vaccine's are good for kids.	Vaccine's can protect other people than yourself.	Must have a containment plan when a new disease is discovered.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines can end up saving childrens lives.	Vaccines are an example of where the common good outweighs individual rights.	The vaccines must be given by people who are very prepared to put them.	Medical treatments like vaccines should be for all the people.	Mandatory Vaccination
The government must interfere with holistic methods that are not safe and anti vaccination.	Vaccination protect the young and vulnerable ones.	Vaccines are important for newborns.	Vaccinations don't just protect individuals, they protect the whole country for diseases.	Mandatory Vaccination
People who are against vaccinations are not smart.	Government should leave vaccinations to medical practioners.	Vaccines have a positive effect on people's health.	Once a child is born it must be vaccinaced.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccine's should be free for everyone.	Vaccinations are safe.	Not everyone has the chance to get vaccinated.	Vaccines are not safe.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines prevent disease.	Vaccinations increase herd immunity.	Vaccination must be a staple in medical benefits.	There should be more funding for vaccination.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination should be compulsory.	The benefits of vaccines outweigh the risks.	Everyone should have certain recommended vaccines.	Vaccines keep us healthy.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines should be required by law.	Vaccines can have severe side effects.	Vaccines are necessary for our safety.	Vaccinations saves lives.	Mandatory Vaccination
Compulsory vaccination would avoid epidemics.	Viruses like human papilloma can only be prevented with the vaccine.	Vaccines are tested and proven to be safe.	Vaccination have the risk of harmful and toxic chemicals being introduced to the body.	Mandatory Vaccination
Not vaccinating your child is unhealthy for the child and its contemporaries.	Some vaccines are very expensive for the public, such as HPV vaccines.	People should not be forced to vaccinate.	Vaccinations are expensive and yet not 100% safe.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are a dirty business of pharmaceuticals.	Some people are unable to receive vaccines.	Vaccines are well trusted science.	Vaccination is good for everyone's health.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are good for society.	The theory of herd immunity has never been proven.	Vaccines increase the risk of autism.	It is cruel to force someone to get an injection.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination are important for public health.	Mandatory vaccination should be implemented.	Proper vaccinations are safe.	Vaccine ingredients are not always disclosed to patients.	Mandatory Vaccination
Schools shouldn't require vaccinations.	Vaccination saves lives.	Vaccines do not make you develop diseases.	It should be a parents choice whether to vaccinate or not.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccinations can safeguard against deadly diseases and viruses.	Vaccination must be madatory.	People should be allowed to make their own decisions about medical choices for their children.	Vaccines should be implemented.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination is too expensive.	Vaccinations help prevent sickness.	Vaccines help us live longer and protect us from fatal diseases.	Not vaccinating your child is unhealthy for the child and its contemporaries.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are necessary to tackle strong diseases.	Vaccination should be offered in school.	All the people have right to have all the vaccines.	The benefits of vaccines outweigh the risks.	Mandatory Vaccination
Proper vaccinations are safe.	The vaccines must be given by people who are very prepared to put them.	Vaccines can cause adverse reactions.	Vaccines prevent people from harmful diseases.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines should be implemented.	The ingredients in vaccines are unsafe in the amounts used.	It should be mandatory for all people to get vaccines to protect those who cannot get vaccinated.	Vaccines ensure public safety.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccine ingredients are not always disclosed to patients.	Most medical doctors and other healthcare professionals are positive about what has been achieved through vaccination in preventing and eradication a number of life threatening diseases.	Vaccines are necessary for our safety.	Vaccination programs have been carried out extensively and have totally eradicated life threatening diseases from the human race.	Mandatory Vaccination
Parents should choose whether or not to have their child vaccinated.	A lot of money has been saved since the advent and adoption of vaccination.	Vaccines can cause very harmful side effects and are not always safe.	Vaccines prevent deadly diseases.	Mandatory Vaccination
People should be allowed to make their own decisions about medical choices for their children.	Vaccines have a positive effect on people's health.	Vaccines are a dirty business of pharmaceuticals.	Vaccines do not suit people with AIDS.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination should be mandatory at an early age.	Not everyone has the chance to get vaccinated.	It is safe to use vaccines if the doctor recommends it.	Vaccines should be required by law.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccinations should be mandatory.	Vaccinations are expensive and yet not 100% safe.	Government should leave vaccinations to medical practioners.	Vaccinations don't just protect individuals, they protect the whole country for diseases.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination saves lives.	Vaccine's should be free for everyone.	No tested vaccines are dangerous.	Vaccines should be mandatory.	Mandatory Vaccination
There are social and religious groups that to be educated more about vaccination.	Vaccinations should be a choice.	Vaccines endagers the human race in some areas.	Someone who is not vaccinated is at higher risk of getting certain diseases.	Mandatory Vaccination
Side effects of vaccinations are rare.	Vaccines are important for newborns.	Vaccination is too expensive.	Vaccination have the risk of harmful and toxic chemicals being introduced to the body.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination prevents outbreaks of easily preventable diseases.	Vaccination are important for public health.	The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the small amounts they are used.	Vaccines have never been proven to work.	Mandatory Vaccination
People who do not vaccinate put others at a higher risk.	Vaccination must be a staple in medical benefits.	Vaccines are an example of where the common good outweighs individual rights.	Vaccine's should be mandatory for everyone.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are well trusted science.	Vaccines improve the lives of citizens.	Vaccines prevent disease outbreaks.	Vaccines increase the risk of autism.	Mandatory Vaccination
No vaccination can lead to people getting sick or even killed by a virus.	Vaccination must be madatory.	The people have the right to choose if they want participe in vaccination or not.	Diseases are more controlled under vaccines.	Mandatory Vaccination
There should be more funding for vaccination.	Vaccines can have severe side effects.	People should not be forced to vaccinate.	It is cruel to force someone to get an injection.	Mandatory Vaccination
Children should be vaccinated from early childhood.	Vaccinations prevents disease.	Vaccines are good for society.	Must have a containment plan when a new disease is discovered.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are tested and proven to be safe.	Some people are unable to receive vaccines.	Vaccinations help prevent sickness.	Vaccinations should be mandatory for all school children.	Mandatory Vaccination
The government should not intervene in personal medical choices.	Vaccines are key to development in Africa.	Vaccines can cause serious and fatal side effects.	Vaccines prevent disease.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination should be free for everyone.	Vaccines are not safe.	Vaccines keep us healthy.	Vaccinations cause autism.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccinations saves lives.	Vaccine's can help one from getting sick.	Vaccine's can protect other people than yourself.	Vaccination protect the young and vulnerable ones.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are very helpful and very needed.	Vaccination is good for everyone's health.	Some people have side effects from vaccination.	The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the amounts used.	Mandatory Vaccination
The government should promote campaigns for vaccination.	Vaccine's are good for kids.	Artificial immunity will compromise the bodys ability to defend itself for a long time.	Early vaccines are safe.	Mandatory Vaccination
The benefits of vaccinations far outweigh the risks.	Vaccines save people's lives.	Vaccinations need to be regulated.	Vaccines can have adverse side effects such as the disease that the vaccine is trying to prevent.	Mandatory Vaccination
Viruses like human papilloma can only be prevented with the vaccine.	Vaccinations increase herd immunity.	Vaccines should be free.	Vaccines prevent public health epidemics.	Mandatory Vaccination
Compulsory vaccination would avoid epidemics.	Everyone should have certain recommended vaccines.	Vaccines do not make you develop diseases.	Medical treatments like vaccines should be for all the people.	Mandatory Vaccination
Schools shouldn't require vaccinations.	The government must interfere with holistic methods that are not safe and anti vaccination.	Vaccines should be mandatory when entering a public or private school.	All people should have access to vaccines.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccinations are safe.	Patients have the right to know what is in vaccines.	Vaccines do not suit all people (e.g. people with diabetes).	Vaccination should be compulsory.	Mandatory Vaccination
Any method is ok to prevent major tragedies.	A greater number of people should be vaccinated for a vaccine to be effective.	The theory of herd immunity has never been proven.	Children should not be allowed in school or daycare unless vaccinated.	Mandatory Vaccination
Mandatory vaccination should be implemented.	Vaccines are crucial to make sure diseases don't start.	Vaccination is the administration of antigenic material.	Vaccines provide immunity against diseases.	Mandatory Vaccination
Doctors and science are more educated on vaccinations than parents and religious organizations.	Once a child is born it must be vaccinaced.	Vaccines need to be mandatory to promote safe health.	People who are against vaccinations are not smart.	Mandatory Vaccination
There must be greater support of vaccination from medical institutes.	Vaccines help in supporting public health.	Vaccines are not the perfect solution to diseases.	Vaccines can end up saving childrens lives.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccinations can safeguard against deadly diseases and viruses.	It should be a parents choice whether to vaccinate or not.	Some vaccines are very expensive for the public, such as HPV vaccines.	Vaccines has to be somthing thats readilly available for people to buy.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines improve the lives of citizens.	Compulsory vaccination would avoid epidemics.	Vaccine ingredients are not always disclosed to patients.	Vaccines prevent people from harmful diseases.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccinations can safeguard against deadly diseases and viruses.	No vaccination can lead to people getting sick or even killed by a virus.	People who do not vaccinate put others at a higher risk.	Vaccine's should be free for everyone.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines should be mandatory when entering a public or private school.	Vaccinations are expensive and yet not 100% safe.	It is cruel to force someone to get an injection.	Vaccines are tested and proven to be safe.	Mandatory Vaccination
Not everyone has the chance to get vaccinated.	Children should be vaccinated from early childhood.	Some people are unable to receive vaccines.	Vaccines need to be mandatory to promote safe health.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are necessary to tackle strong diseases.	The people have the right to choose if they want participe in vaccination or not.	Vaccines help us live longer and protect us from fatal diseases.	Vaccines prevent disease outbreaks.	Mandatory Vaccination
It should be mandatory for all people to get vaccines to protect those who cannot get vaccinated.	Vaccinations cause autism.	Everyone should have certain recommended vaccines.	Vaccines help in supporting public health.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are necessary for our safety.	Diseases are more controlled under vaccines.	Vaccines do not suit all people (e.g. people with diabetes).	Vaccines are important for newborns.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination should be free for everyone.	Vaccines can cause very harmful side effects and are not always safe.	Vaccination should be compulsory.	Vaccines prevent disease.	Mandatory Vaccination
Patients have the right to know what is in vaccines.	The benefits of vaccines outweigh the risks.	Some vaccines are very expensive for the public, such as HPV vaccines.	Side effects of vaccinations are rare.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccine's can help one from getting sick.	Vaccinations are safe.	Vaccine's should be mandatory for everyone.	A greater number of people should be vaccinated for a vaccine to be effective.	Mandatory Vaccination
Schools shouldn't require vaccinations.	Vaccines should be free.	Vaccines prevent deadly diseases.	Vaccines provide immunity against diseases.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines have never been proven to work.	Most medical doctors and other healthcare professionals are positive about what has been achieved through vaccination in preventing and eradication a number of life threatening diseases.	Vaccination prevents outbreaks of easily preventable diseases.	Vaccines have a positive effect on people's health.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccinations need to be regulated.	The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the amounts used.	Children should not be allowed in school or daycare unless vaccinated.	Vaccines are crucial to make sure diseases don't start.	Mandatory Vaccination
All people should have access to vaccines.	Vaccines can end up saving childrens lives.	Vaccinations should be mandatory for all school children.	Viruses like human papilloma can only be prevented with the vaccine.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are a dirty business of pharmaceuticals.	Vaccines ensure public safety.	Vaccination must be madatory.	There must be greater support of vaccination from medical institutes.	Mandatory Vaccination
There should be more funding for vaccination.	The government should promote campaigns for vaccination.	Government should leave vaccinations to medical practioners.	Not vaccinating your child is unhealthy for the child and its contemporaries.	Mandatory Vaccination
Proper vaccinations are safe.	Early vaccines are safe.	Once a child is born it must be vaccinaced.	Vaccination have the risk of harmful and toxic chemicals being introduced to the body.	Mandatory Vaccination
The theory of herd immunity has never been proven.	The government must interfere with holistic methods that are not safe and anti vaccination.	Vaccine's are good for kids.	Vaccinations prevents disease.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines endagers the human race in some areas.	Vaccines should be implemented.	Vaccines can cause serious and fatal side effects.	It is safe to use vaccines if the doctor recommends it.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines increase the risk of autism.	The government should not intervene in personal medical choices.	Vaccination programs have been carried out extensively and have totally eradicated life threatening diseases from the human race.	Vaccination is the administration of antigenic material.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are not safe.	Vaccines has to be somthing thats readilly available for people to buy.	Vaccines are key to development in Africa.	Mandatory vaccination should be implemented.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccinations saves lives.	Vaccines can cause adverse reactions.	Someone who is not vaccinated is at higher risk of getting certain diseases.	Vaccinations increase herd immunity.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination is good for everyone's health.	Vaccinations should be a choice.	The ingredients in vaccines are unsafe in the amounts used.	Artificial immunity will compromise the bodys ability to defend itself for a long time.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines do not make you develop diseases.	Doctors and science are more educated on vaccinations than parents and religious organizations.	Vaccines are not the perfect solution to diseases.	Vaccination is too expensive.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination should be mandatory at an early age.	People who are against vaccinations are not smart.	Vaccines do not suit people with AIDS.	Vaccinations help prevent sickness.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines can have severe side effects.	The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the small amounts they are used.	Vaccines are an example of where the common good outweighs individual rights.	There are social and religious groups that to be educated more about vaccination.	Mandatory Vaccination
All the people have right to have all the vaccines.	A lot of money has been saved since the advent and adoption of vaccination.	Vaccines keep us healthy.	It should be a parents choice whether to vaccinate or not.	Mandatory Vaccination
Parents should choose whether or not to have their child vaccinated.	Some people have side effects from vaccination.	Vaccines should be required by law.	People should be allowed to make their own decisions about medical choices for their children.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines can have adverse side effects such as the disease that the vaccine is trying to prevent.	Vaccination must be a staple in medical benefits.	Vaccines are good for society.	Any method is ok to prevent major tragedies.	Mandatory Vaccination
Must have a containment plan when a new disease is discovered.	Vaccines are well trusted science.	Vaccines should be mandatory.	The benefits of vaccinations far outweigh the risks.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines prevent public health epidemics.	Vaccines are very helpful and very needed.	Vaccinations don't just protect individuals, they protect the whole country for diseases.	Vaccination should be offered in school.	Mandatory Vaccination
No tested vaccines are dangerous.	Medical treatments like vaccines should be for all the people.	Vaccine's can protect other people than yourself.	The vaccines must be given by people who are very prepared to put them.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination are important for public health.	Vaccinations should be mandatory.	Vaccination saves lives.	Vaccines save people's lives.	Mandatory Vaccination
People should not be forced to vaccinate.	Vaccination protect the young and vulnerable ones.	Must have a containment plan when a new disease is discovered.	Vaccines prevent disease.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination are important for public health.	Most medical doctors and other healthcare professionals are positive about what has been achieved through vaccination in preventing and eradication a number of life threatening diseases.	Not everyone has the chance to get vaccinated.	A lot of money has been saved since the advent and adoption of vaccination.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines need to be mandatory to promote safe health.	Vaccinations should be mandatory.	The ingredients in vaccines are unsafe in the amounts used.	Vaccines help in supporting public health.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccine ingredients are not always disclosed to patients.	Vaccines can end up saving childrens lives.	It is safe to use vaccines if the doctor recommends it.	Mandatory vaccination should be implemented.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination protect the young and vulnerable ones.	Vaccines should be mandatory.	Vaccination must be madatory.	The government should not intervene in personal medical choices.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines prevent public health epidemics.	Parents should choose whether or not to have their child vaccinated.	Vaccinations saves lives.	All people should have access to vaccines.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccinations are expensive and yet not 100% safe.	Vaccines do not suit people with AIDS.	Vaccines can cause serious and fatal side effects.	Vaccinations help prevent sickness.	Mandatory Vaccination
The government must interfere with holistic methods that are not safe and anti vaccination.	Children should not be allowed in school or daycare unless vaccinated.	Vaccines prevent deadly diseases.	Vaccines do not make you develop diseases.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are an example of where the common good outweighs individual rights.	Vaccinations should be mandatory for all school children.	Vaccination is too expensive.	Vaccination must be a staple in medical benefits.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination saves lives.	Vaccines do not suit all people (e.g. people with diabetes).	Vaccine's can protect other people than yourself.	It should be mandatory for all people to get vaccines to protect those who cannot get vaccinated.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines provide immunity against diseases.	No vaccination can lead to people getting sick or even killed by a virus.	A greater number of people should be vaccinated for a vaccine to be effective.	Vaccines ensure public safety.	Mandatory Vaccination
Some people are unable to receive vaccines.	Vaccines can have adverse side effects such as the disease that the vaccine is trying to prevent.	Vaccines help us live longer and protect us from fatal diseases.	Vaccines should be required by law.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccinations prevents disease.	The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the small amounts they are used.	Vaccinations can safeguard against deadly diseases and viruses.	Once a child is born it must be vaccinaced.	Mandatory Vaccination
Compulsory vaccination would avoid epidemics.	Vaccinations should be a choice.	There should be more funding for vaccination.	People who are against vaccinations are not smart.	Mandatory Vaccination
Children should be vaccinated from early childhood.	People should be allowed to make their own decisions about medical choices for their children.	Vaccines are very helpful and very needed.	Vaccinations are safe.	Mandatory Vaccination
The benefits of vaccines outweigh the risks.	Vaccines are not the perfect solution to diseases.	Vaccines are good for society.	Doctors and science are more educated on vaccinations than parents and religious organizations.	Mandatory Vaccination
Diseases are more controlled under vaccines.	Vaccination programs have been carried out extensively and have totally eradicated life threatening diseases from the human race.	Vaccines has to be somthing thats readilly available for people to buy.	People who do not vaccinate put others at a higher risk.	Mandatory Vaccination
The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the amounts used.	Vaccines are tested and proven to be safe.	Vaccination is the administration of antigenic material.	Vaccines can have severe side effects.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are key to development in Africa.	Patients have the right to know what is in vaccines.	It should be a parents choice whether to vaccinate or not.	Vaccines are necessary to tackle strong diseases.	Mandatory Vaccination
Everyone should have certain recommended vaccines.	There are social and religious groups that to be educated more about vaccination.	Medical treatments like vaccines should be for all the people.	Vaccines should be free.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccination have the risk of harmful and toxic chemicals being introduced to the body.	Vaccines are necessary for our safety.	Vaccines can cause very harmful side effects and are not always safe.	Vaccines increase the risk of autism.	Mandatory Vaccination
The theory of herd immunity has never been proven.	Vaccinations need to be regulated.	Vaccination should be offered in school.	Side effects of vaccinations are rare.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccine's should be free for everyone.	Vaccines should be mandatory when entering a public or private school.	Some vaccines are very expensive for the public, such as HPV vaccines.	Early vaccines are safe.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines are not safe.	Vaccinations increase herd immunity.	There must be greater support of vaccination from medical institutes.	Artificial immunity will compromise the bodys ability to defend itself for a long time.	Mandatory Vaccination
Proper vaccinations are safe.	Vaccinations cause autism.	Vaccination prevents outbreaks of easily preventable diseases.	It is cruel to force someone to get an injection.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccine's can help one from getting sick.	All the people have right to have all the vaccines.	Vaccines are crucial to make sure diseases don't start.	Vaccination is good for everyone's health.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccine's should be mandatory for everyone.	Vaccines can cause adverse reactions.	Vaccines improve the lives of citizens.	No tested vaccines are dangerous.	Mandatory Vaccination
Schools shouldn't require vaccinations.	The vaccines must be given by people who are very prepared to put them.	Vaccination should be free for everyone.	Vaccines keep us healthy.	Mandatory Vaccination
Some people have side effects from vaccination.	Viruses like human papilloma can only be prevented with the vaccine.	The people have the right to choose if they want participe in vaccination or not.	Any method is ok to prevent major tragedies.	Mandatory Vaccination
The benefits of vaccinations far outweigh the risks.	Not vaccinating your child is unhealthy for the child and its contemporaries.	Vaccines are well trusted science.	Vaccines have never been proven to work.	Mandatory Vaccination
The government should promote campaigns for vaccination.	Vaccinations don't just protect individuals, they protect the whole country for diseases.	Vaccines prevent people from harmful diseases.	Vaccination should be mandatory at an early age.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines have a positive effect on people's health.	Vaccines are important for newborns.	Vaccines endagers the human race in some areas.	Vaccines are a dirty business of pharmaceuticals.	Mandatory Vaccination
Vaccines save people's lives.	Vaccines prevent disease outbreaks.	Vaccination should be compulsory.	Vaccines should be implemented.	Mandatory Vaccination
People should not be forced to vaccinate.	Someone who is not vaccinated is at higher risk of getting certain diseases.	Vaccine's are good for kids.	Government should leave vaccinations to medical practioners.	Mandatory Vaccination
Everybody is biased.	The main problem in the information issued by the media is corruption.	Journalists should always present both sides of an issue equally.	Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated -- bias is part of human nature.	Media Bias
Mainstream media provides a relative objective view.	The articles should have a subjective view.	Mainstream media still provides a relatively objective view.	Bias is part of human nature.	Media Bias
Freedom of the press prevents the government or other third parties from controlling the media.	The job of a reporter is to tell the truth.	Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated -.	Fox News is the only unbiased news source.	Media Bias
Journalist should not be biased.	Most journalists are biast because that is human nature.	Bribes should not overtake our media.	Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate.	Media Bias
Media bias will always be around.	Much of what is put out by the media today is sensationalized.	All media outlets are biased.	There is too much spin by the media.	Media Bias
Some media outlets adhere to journalistic teachings of avoiding bias and withholding personal opinions.	By Biasing information journalists hurt others.	Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated.	Journalists should report facts.	Media Bias
Journalist should not accept bribe.	False statements should be sanctioned.	A journalist's job is to report the truth to the public and should not accept gifts from any third party.	Journalist's job is to report the truth and facts.	Media Bias
Media has the power to influence the audience, but often is not used for good.	Too many articles covered in the mainstream media are biased and untruthful.	Fake news is not a real problem.	The media no longer provide immediate and truthful information.	Media Bias
Journalists should be upright.	Bias may be part of human nature but it can still be mediated to not blatantly show in media.	Journalists should be more honest.	News should be said the way it happened.	Media Bias
Journalism is more about boosting ratings than getting the true story.	This issue is about whether media bias is a real thing.	Media should present multiple sides of each issue.	Journalist should follow the journalist creed.	Media Bias
Media bias is a real thing.	The media needs to present fair and balanced news.	Many journalists give commentary on news stories.	You can't believe anything you see in the media anymore.	Media Bias
CNN is the main source of being a total left wing partisan.	Mainstream media is very biast because they are looking for a reaction out of certain people.	Media bias will never go away.	Mots journalists doing a good job.	Media Bias
The media are evil companies.	Media bias is why many Americans choose not to watch the news or read newspapers anymore.	Media alters the perception of a situation.	With blogs in the media and administrated via outlests, bias is part of media mainstream.	Media Bias
Media should be unbiased.	Mainstream media is not doing what its suppose to do.	Media bias declines ratings and decreases audience.	No media bias should be encouraged.	Media Bias
Journalists often report lies unintentionally.	Many journalists prioritize the business above the information.	It is difficult to say if media bias has an impact on people.	The people deserves the truth.	Media Bias
Journalists have right to express their point of view.	The media has become too influential in political outcomes.	Reporters have biased views like everyone else.	Media Bias is a real thing.	Media Bias
The truth should be spoken no matter the price.	Reporters now care more about politics.	Journalists write false stories to gain readers.	Mainstream media is now in support of political propagands.	Media Bias
Journalist should be just.	The information must be shown in the media bluntly.	A newscast should not be obvious what the political leanings of the journalist(s) is/are.	Journalists intentionally report news in a way that makes republicans look bad.	Media Bias
Common sense helps in looking beyond media bias.	A journalist must avoid biasing news.	Is not has national level is worldwide.	One should not trust the media.	Media Bias
Some reporters are too aggressive.	News people just want to make money.	Using local channels can solve media bias to an extent.	If you don't watch the media , bias isn't a problem.	Media Bias
Fox News is biased in favor of the right.	Some media only project their strict bias and it hurts a majority of people i.e. fox news.	Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminate.	News should be unbiased.	Media Bias
Journalists are meant to be true to the core.	Reporters lie a lot.	Not all people in the media provide falsifications.	Sometimes reporters lie intentionally.	Media Bias
News are hard to believe.	Lower more fragmented reach and lower rated programs than network TV.	Media bias is too little to worry about.	Media bias is mostly about celebrities.	Media Bias
It is easy to find media coverage that supports your opinion.	There are already too many yellow publishing houses.	Journalist should be upright.	Sometimes news coverage is very conflicting.	Media Bias
People naturally share their opinion and is not biased among journalists.	There needs to be no third party influences in the media.	The media should not be biast because it gives people the wrong impression about some things.	Media should report the facts and not opinions.	Media Bias
All the stories should be covered in an honest way.	So many stories are based on what type of story a politician want.	Journalists only cover stories that support their own opinion.	Buying a newspaper to read a fake news is a scam mode.	Media Bias
Without free media there is no freedom.	People need to get their facts straight before just going on what they hear from one source.	The truth will set us free.	Every body has its owns preferences.	Media Bias
Media needs to be closely monitored by the public.	BBC is the most moderate news source.	Journalists should be impartial in their news.	Media is biased in favor of the left.	Media Bias
Newspapers should penalize biased writers.	They have to have policies and punishments for fake news people.	There should be better enforcement in the laws that go with journalism and mainstream media.	The information must be objective and not manipulated.	Media Bias
Journalism focusses on Democrats views.	Media bias should be prohibited.	Dont use mainstream media if you want the truth.	Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful.	Media Bias
The society deserves the truth.	Media is liberal biased because the liberals are right.	Most of the media is geared towards a specific audience making it very biast.	Thanks to our free media, we have a free world perspective.	Media Bias
Media needs to present the facts.	Reporters often don't fully look into a topic.	Journalist should not be manipulated by politicians.	Too many networks show biased news.	Media Bias
If you dont like one media then consume another.	Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful and honest stories.	Much of what the media puts out today cannot be trusted.	Most journalist are dishonest people.	Media Bias
Journalism should be free and fair.	Media needs to present the facts.	News people just want to make money.	There are already too many yellow publishing houses.	Media Bias
Fox News is biased in favor of the right.	Journalists are meant to be true to the core.	No media bias should be encouraged.	Freedom of the press prevents the government or other third parties from controlling the media.	Media Bias
You can't believe anything you see in the media anymore.	Journalists should always present both sides of an issue equally.	Newspapers should penalize biased writers.	News are hard to believe.	Media Bias
The main problem in the information issued by the media is corruption.	They have to have policies and punishments for fake news people.	Many journalists prioritize the business above the information.	Media bias declines ratings and decreases audience.	Media Bias
Everybody is biased.	Too many articles covered in the mainstream media are biased and untruthful.	News should be said the way it happened.	Media is biased in favor of the left.	Media Bias
Mainstream media is not doing what its suppose to do.	All the stories should be covered in an honest way.	Dont use mainstream media if you want the truth.	It is easy to find media coverage that supports your opinion.	Media Bias
People need to get their facts straight before just going on what they hear from one source.	Journalists have right to express their point of view.	BBC is the most moderate news source.	One should not trust the media.	Media Bias
Journalists often report lies unintentionally.	Much of what is put out by the media today is sensationalized.	Every body has its owns preferences.	Journalists intentionally report news in a way that makes republicans look bad.	Media Bias
Journalist should follow the journalist creed.	The people deserves the truth.	Common sense helps in looking beyond media bias.	Journalists should be impartial in their news.	Media Bias
Media alters the perception of a situation.	If you dont like one media then consume another.	The articles should have a subjective view.	Reporters lie a lot.	Media Bias
Is not has national level is worldwide.	Some media only project their strict bias and it hurts a majority of people i.e. fox news.	Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful.	Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate.	Media Bias
Media needs to be closely monitored by the public.	Buying a newspaper to read a fake news is a scam mode.	Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminate.	Much of what the media puts out today cannot be trusted.	Media Bias
Fake news is not a real problem.	Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful and honest stories.	Journalists write false stories to gain readers.	Journalism should be free and fair.	Media Bias
It is difficult to say if media bias has an impact on people.	CNN is the main source of being a total left wing partisan.	Media has the power to influence the audience, but often is not used for good.	With blogs in the media and administrated via outlests, bias is part of media mainstream.	Media Bias
Too many networks show biased news.	Without free media there is no freedom.	Journalists should be upright.	Mainstream media provides a relative objective view.	Media Bias
Not all people in the media provide falsifications.	False statements should be sanctioned.	By Biasing information journalists hurt others.	Reporters often don't fully look into a topic.	Media Bias
There is too much spin by the media.	Sometimes reporters lie intentionally.	People naturally share their opinion and is not biased among journalists.	Journalism focusses on Democrats views.	Media Bias
Journalist's job is to report the truth and facts.	The media should not be biast because it gives people the wrong impression about some things.	Fox News is the only unbiased news source.	A newscast should not be obvious what the political leanings of the journalist(s) is/are.	Media Bias
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated -.	Sometimes news coverage is very conflicting.	Reporters have biased views like everyone else.	Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated -- bias is part of human nature.	Media Bias
A journalist must avoid biasing news.	Most journalists are biast because that is human nature.	Media bias is too little to worry about.	Bias may be part of human nature but it can still be mediated to not blatantly show in media.	Media Bias
Some reporters are too aggressive.	Media should report the facts and not opinions.	Mainstream media is now in support of political propagands.	Some media outlets adhere to journalistic teachings of avoiding bias and withholding personal opinions.	Media Bias
Reporters now care more about politics.	There needs to be no third party influences in the media.	There should be better enforcement in the laws that go with journalism and mainstream media.	Media bias is a real thing.	Media Bias
Using local channels can solve media bias to an extent.	Bias is part of human nature.	All media outlets are biased.	So many stories are based on what type of story a politician want.	Media Bias
Journalists should report facts.	Journalists should be more honest.	Many journalists give commentary on news stories.	Most of the media is geared towards a specific audience making it very biast.	Media Bias
Journalism is more about boosting ratings than getting the true story.	Mainstream media still provides a relatively objective view.	Media bias should be prohibited.	Media bias is mostly about celebrities.	Media Bias
The information must be objective and not manipulated.	The media are evil companies.	Journalist should not accept bribe.	Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated.	Media Bias
Media bias will never go away.	If you don't watch the media , bias isn't a problem.	Thanks to our free media, we have a free world perspective.	Mainstream media is very biast because they are looking for a reaction out of certain people.	Media Bias
Journalists only cover stories that support their own opinion.	A journalist's job is to report the truth to the public and should not accept gifts from any third party.	Media is liberal biased because the liberals are right.	The information must be shown in the media bluntly.	Media Bias
Journalist should be just.	Journalist should not be manipulated by politicians.	The job of a reporter is to tell the truth.	Media bias is why many Americans choose not to watch the news or read newspapers anymore.	Media Bias
The truth will set us free.	Journalist should be upright.	The truth should be spoken no matter the price.	News should be unbiased.	Media Bias
Media bias will always be around.	Mots journalists doing a good job.	The media has become too influential in political outcomes.	The media needs to present fair and balanced news.	Media Bias
The society deserves the truth.	The media no longer provide immediate and truthful information.	Media Bias is a real thing.	Bribes should not overtake our media.	Media Bias
Media should be unbiased.	Most journalist are dishonest people.	Media should present multiple sides of each issue.	Lower more fragmented reach and lower rated programs than network TV.	Media Bias
Journalist should not be biased.	This issue is about whether media bias is a real thing.	Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated.	There should be better enforcement in the laws that go with journalism and mainstream media.	Media Bias
The media are evil companies.	Journalists write false stories to gain readers.	Not all people in the media provide falsifications.	People need to get their facts straight before just going on what they hear from one source.	Media Bias
Dont use mainstream media if you want the truth.	Journalists have right to express their point of view.	So many stories are based on what type of story a politician want.	Common sense helps in looking beyond media bias.	Media Bias
Journalists should be impartial in their news.	Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful.	There is too much spin by the media.	Mainstream media is very biast because they are looking for a reaction out of certain people.	Media Bias
Journalist should not accept bribe.	Journalist should not be biased.	It is easy to find media coverage that supports your opinion.	Media should report the facts and not opinions.	Media Bias
Is not has national level is worldwide.	Too many articles covered in the mainstream media are biased and untruthful.	Journalists only cover stories that support their own opinion.	Many journalists prioritize the business above the information.	Media Bias
The media should not be biast because it gives people the wrong impression about some things.	The truth should be spoken no matter the price.	Media bias is mostly about celebrities.	Journalist should follow the journalist creed.	Media Bias
Journalism is more about boosting ratings than getting the true story.	The society deserves the truth.	Journalist should be just.	There are already too many yellow publishing houses.	Media Bias
They have to have policies and punishments for fake news people.	There needs to be no third party influences in the media.	Journalists should be upright.	Journalism should be free and fair.	Media Bias
Media bias should be prohibited.	People naturally share their opinion and is not biased among journalists.	If you dont like one media then consume another.	You can't believe anything you see in the media anymore.	Media Bias
Fox News is the only unbiased news source.	The information must be objective and not manipulated.	Bias may be part of human nature but it can still be mediated to not blatantly show in media.	Fox News is biased in favor of the right.	Media Bias
Reporters have biased views like everyone else.	Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated -.	Most of the media is geared towards a specific audience making it very biast.	A journalist's job is to report the truth to the public and should not accept gifts from any third party.	Media Bias
Journalists should be more honest.	Reporters now care more about politics.	Media bias is why many Americans choose not to watch the news or read newspapers anymore.	Media bias will never go away.	Media Bias
Many journalists give commentary on news stories.	Some reporters are too aggressive.	Journalist should not be manipulated by politicians.	BBC is the most moderate news source.	Media Bias
Media is liberal biased because the liberals are right.	News should be unbiased.	Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful and honest stories.	Bribes should not overtake our media.	Media Bias
Journalists often report lies unintentionally.	Media Bias is a real thing.	Media should present multiple sides of each issue.	Mots journalists doing a good job.	Media Bias
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminate.	False statements should be sanctioned.	Journalist should be upright.	Most journalists are biast because that is human nature.	Media Bias
Media is biased in favor of the left.	Every body has its owns preferences.	News people just want to make money.	Too many networks show biased news.	Media Bias
Media bias is a real thing.	Mainstream media still provides a relatively objective view.	The truth will set us free.	Without free media there is no freedom.	Media Bias
Journalist's job is to report the truth and facts.	CNN is the main source of being a total left wing partisan.	By Biasing information journalists hurt others.	Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate.	Media Bias
All the stories should be covered in an honest way.	Much of what the media puts out today cannot be trusted.	One should not trust the media.	A newscast should not be obvious what the political leanings of the journalist(s) is/are.	Media Bias
Media bias will always be around.	Journalists are meant to be true to the core.	Some media outlets adhere to journalistic teachings of avoiding bias and withholding personal opinions.	Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated -- bias is part of human nature.	Media Bias
Reporters lie a lot.	Thanks to our free media, we have a free world perspective.	The media needs to present fair and balanced news.	Fake news is not a real problem.	Media Bias
Mainstream media is now in support of political propagands.	Some media only project their strict bias and it hurts a majority of people i.e. fox news.	Everybody is biased.	The information must be shown in the media bluntly.	Media Bias
No media bias should be encouraged.	Freedom of the press prevents the government or other third parties from controlling the media.	Mainstream media is not doing what its suppose to do.	Using local channels can solve media bias to an extent.	Media Bias
Buying a newspaper to read a fake news is a scam mode.	All media outlets are biased.	Sometimes reporters lie intentionally.	Bias is part of human nature.	Media Bias
The media has become too influential in political outcomes.	The articles should have a subjective view.	Journalism focusses on Democrats views.	With blogs in the media and administrated via outlests, bias is part of media mainstream.	Media Bias
Media bias is too little to worry about.	Lower more fragmented reach and lower rated programs than network TV.	Media needs to present the facts.	Media has the power to influence the audience, but often is not used for good.	Media Bias
A journalist must avoid biasing news.	Journalists intentionally report news in a way that makes republicans look bad.	Media needs to be closely monitored by the public.	The job of a reporter is to tell the truth.	Media Bias
The people deserves the truth.	Reporters often don't fully look into a topic.	Media bias declines ratings and decreases audience.	News are hard to believe.	Media Bias
Much of what is put out by the media today is sensationalized.	Media should be unbiased.	The media no longer provide immediate and truthful information.	The main problem in the information issued by the media is corruption.	Media Bias
Media alters the perception of a situation.	News should be said the way it happened.	Newspapers should penalize biased writers.	Journalists should report facts.	Media Bias
Mainstream media provides a relative objective view.	It is difficult to say if media bias has an impact on people.	Most journalist are dishonest people.	If you don't watch the media , bias isn't a problem.	Media Bias
This issue is about whether media bias is a real thing.	Journalists should always present both sides of an issue equally.	Sometimes news coverage is very conflicting.	Journalism should be free and fair.	Media Bias
News should be said the way it happened.	Mainstream media is very biast because they are looking for a reaction out of certain people.	One should not trust the media.	There should be better enforcement in the laws that go with journalism and mainstream media.	Media Bias
It is easy to find media coverage that supports your opinion.	The main problem in the information issued by the media is corruption.	Journalists only cover stories that support their own opinion.	Thanks to our free media, we have a free world perspective.	Media Bias
Media has the power to influence the audience, but often is not used for good.	Journalists write false stories to gain readers.	All media outlets are biased.	Most of the media is geared towards a specific audience making it very biast.	Media Bias
Freedom of the press prevents the government or other third parties from controlling the media.	News should be unbiased.	Journalists should report facts.	Sometimes reporters lie intentionally.	Media Bias
The articles should have a subjective view.	A journalist must avoid biasing news.	Mainstream media is now in support of political propagands.	The media needs to present fair and balanced news.	Media Bias
The society deserves the truth.	The truth should be spoken no matter the price.	Media bias is a real thing.	Media bias is too little to worry about.	Media Bias
Using local channels can solve media bias to an extent.	Journalists should always present both sides of an issue equally.	Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminate.	The media should not be biast because it gives people the wrong impression about some things.	Media Bias
Mainstream media is not doing what its suppose to do.	Most journalist are dishonest people.	Sometimes news coverage is very conflicting.	Media is liberal biased because the liberals are right.	Media Bias
With blogs in the media and administrated via outlests, bias is part of media mainstream.	Journalists should be more honest.	There needs to be no third party influences in the media.	Without free media there is no freedom.	Media Bias
Most journalists are biast because that is human nature.	Every body has its owns preferences.	Journalist should be just.	You can't believe anything you see in the media anymore.	Media Bias
Media should be unbiased.	If you dont like one media then consume another.	Bribes should not overtake our media.	People need to get their facts straight before just going on what they hear from one source.	Media Bias
Everybody is biased.	Media bias should be prohibited.	The media no longer provide immediate and truthful information.	Mots journalists doing a good job.	Media Bias
Mainstream media provides a relative objective view.	Some media only project their strict bias and it hurts a majority of people i.e. fox news.	Media bias declines ratings and decreases audience.	Fake news is not a real problem.	Media Bias
Some reporters are too aggressive.	Dont use mainstream media if you want the truth.	Mainstream media still provides a relatively objective view.	By Biasing information journalists hurt others.	Media Bias
No media bias should be encouraged.	Media should present multiple sides of each issue.	It is difficult to say if media bias has an impact on people.	Journalist should follow the journalist creed.	Media Bias
All the stories should be covered in an honest way.	Media is biased in favor of the left.	Media bias will never go away.	Journalists often report lies unintentionally.	Media Bias
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated -- bias is part of human nature.	Journalism is more about boosting ratings than getting the true story.	Journalist should not be biased.	Common sense helps in looking beyond media bias.	Media Bias
CNN is the main source of being a total left wing partisan.	Fox News is the only unbiased news source.	Media bias will always be around.	Journalist should not accept bribe.	Media Bias
Not all people in the media provide falsifications.	Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful.	Fox News is biased in favor of the right.	Lower more fragmented reach and lower rated programs than network TV.	Media Bias
The truth will set us free.	A journalist's job is to report the truth to the public and should not accept gifts from any third party.	Too many networks show biased news.	The media has become too influential in political outcomes.	Media Bias
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated.	News people just want to make money.	Much of what the media puts out today cannot be trusted.	Journalist should not be manipulated by politicians.	Media Bias
Many journalists give commentary on news stories.	Journalists should be impartial in their news.	Journalists are meant to be true to the core.	Journalism focusses on Democrats views.	Media Bias
Reporters lie a lot.	Media Bias is a real thing.	Media bias is mostly about celebrities.	Reporters have biased views like everyone else.	Media Bias
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated -.	Media should report the facts and not opinions.	Media needs to be closely monitored by the public.	Is not has national level is worldwide.	Media Bias
Media bias is why many Americans choose not to watch the news or read newspapers anymore.	This issue is about whether media bias is a real thing.	So many stories are based on what type of story a politician want.	If you don't watch the media , bias isn't a problem.	Media Bias
They have to have policies and punishments for fake news people.	Too many articles covered in the mainstream media are biased and untruthful.	The job of a reporter is to tell the truth.	Journalist should be upright.	Media Bias
Reporters now care more about politics.	Journalists should be upright.	Bias is part of human nature.	The information must be objective and not manipulated.	Media Bias
The information must be shown in the media bluntly.	Some media outlets adhere to journalistic teachings of avoiding bias and withholding personal opinions.	Much of what is put out by the media today is sensationalized.	There is too much spin by the media.	Media Bias
Bias may be part of human nature but it can still be mediated to not blatantly show in media.	False statements should be sanctioned.	Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate.	The people deserves the truth.	Media Bias
Buying a newspaper to read a fake news is a scam mode.	Journalists intentionally report news in a way that makes republicans look bad.	Newspapers should penalize biased writers.	People naturally share their opinion and is not biased among journalists.	Media Bias
Reporters often don't fully look into a topic.	Many journalists prioritize the business above the information.	Media alters the perception of a situation.	Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful and honest stories.	Media Bias
Journalist's job is to report the truth and facts.	The media are evil companies.	Media needs to present the facts.	BBC is the most moderate news source.	Media Bias
There are already too many yellow publishing houses.	News are hard to believe.	Journalists have right to express their point of view.	A newscast should not be obvious what the political leanings of the journalist(s) is/are.	Media Bias
Health should be free for all unemployed people.	Health care must be accessible to low-income people.	Affordable Health Care Act is affordable.	Health coverage should be optional.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The middle class should have to pay higher taxes, because they will use more government funds for their healthcare.	The Obama care program should be revised.	Public health is a necessity.	Every one should be treated equally.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Our curent healthcare system is outrageous.	You should not be fined if you dont have insurance.	All people should have right to a safe life.	The Obama care program is too costly.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Unregulated health care markets are not beneficial to the american public, they create pricing gouges for certain life saving drugs, ie the epi pens.	Obama care is bad for the country.	Obamacare is of benefit to society.	People should have access to lifesaving medical opportunities.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Unemployed must revice free Health care.	Free health care is very necessary for certain social groups.	Individuals living in poverty deserve health care, and Obama Care helps to make it happen.	People shouldn't die because they can't afford the cure.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
It is good that young adults can stay on their parents plans.	Obamacare should not exist.	Obama care should be encouraged.	We need a enlightenment pass on Obama care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The pricing models of obama care are too expensive.	We should have lower prescription drug costs.	In its current form, the Affordable Care Act is not sustainable.	Access to preventative medicine reduces more expensive medical costs later.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Letting a person die for not having to pay for their medicine is a form of murder.	All healthcare should be free.	Healthcare professionals should not suffer with no health insurance and not be charged for it either.	Everyone should receive healthcare.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Healthcare professionals should not have to pay taxatoin of medicaid.	Healthcare should be available to all us citizens.	The wealthier you are, the more you should have to pay to help fellow Americans.	Health care should be universal in the United States.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Some regulations on healthcare and drug pricing is necessary to ensure access to both without economic disaster from price gouging.	Health insurance with obamacare is now more affordable for many people.	Healthcare should not be free for unemployed people.	Things to save people life should be offered freely to them.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Employment status should not be tied to access to health care.	People should not be taxed for being poor.	Once you give people free health care, you cannot take it back.	More screenings should be covered in obamacare.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Having access to health care makes the population more secure.	Life saving drugs should be afforable for everyone.	Every deserves a chance at life.	Preventative care is beneficial for the entire health care system.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Free market capitalism doesn't work for health care, because a person who is keeling over from a heart attack doesn't have time to select the best hospital with the most affordable cost.	Obama care should not be scrapped.	Obama care should and has end the dropping sick patients.	Health care should be accessible for everyone regardless of monetary status.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
It is the humane thing to do to provide healthcare for those that cannot afford it.	Health Care should be self paid but subsidiate by the goverment.	Everyone should be provided basic health care.	By giving people free health care it can lead to them being lazy.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Affordable Health Care Act should not be replaced.	Our health care system is inefficient.	Heath care access is important in leveling the playing field between classes.	Health care should be more affordable.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
People should pay to mantain good health.	Obacamacare provides healhtcare for all.	Health must be a right of all people.	With Obamacare people with pre-existing health conditions can no longer be denied coverage by insurance companies.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Obama care is a waste of money.	The poor should have a chance.	Subsidies for health insurance should be reduced at the top end of the spectrum.	Other countries with free healthcare have a cheaper system that works equally good.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care should be free for everyone.	Affordable Health Care Act should remain in the US.	All people should have access to medicines.	CHIP has expanded to cover up to 9 million children.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
All americans should get the same health insurance that congress gets.	Government involvement is important for a good health care.	All citizens should benefits from obama care.	Government needs to keep people healthy.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
No one should be deprived of health care.	Pre-existing conditions should be covered.	Obama care should subsidiate expensives medicines.	The Obama care program has to many loopholes.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
There should be more competitive prices for health care.	Obama care makes many people pay higher premiums.	Drugs that help save lives should be accessible.	Medicines should regulate their price or be free in hospitals.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The premiums for the Affordable Care Act are too expensive.	A persons life should be more important than their capability to pay for it.	Health care should be offered to all with a doctor determining to end a patients care for negative reasonings.	We should get rid of the health insurance middle man.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Free health care is just another entitlement.	Everyone needs insurance.	Healthcare should be handled on the state level, not on the federal level.	Obama care is beneficial for blacks and all races other than white.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Global health should be our primary goal.	Medical treatments should be free for all the people.	There are now more private coverage options, and all major medical coverage options must provide minimum essential coverage.	Everyone should have access to cheap healthcare.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Obama Care should remain the law of the federal government, as it covers more indivdiuals.	Saving a life should be a top priority regardless of health care.	Universal health care is too slow.	The health care act is a very good system.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Medical care should be a human right.	Having health insurance lowers medical costs.	Healthcare should be free for all.	Health is wealth and should be encouraged.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The government must run the expenses of the sick.	Cancer treatment should be subsidized.	Healthcare should be free.	Because of obama care an increased number of americans have health insurance.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Every person has the right to access basic medical care.	Health care should be offered to anyone in need.	Obamacare must make sure that health concerns are treated with utmost priority.	All americans should have free basic medical care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Government needs to make people healthy.	All people deserve access to health care.	With obamacare tens of millions of uninsured people have access to affordable, high-quality health insurance through Medicaid expansion, their employers, and the Health Insurance Marketplace.	People may rely on free health care to substitute there own role in maintaining unhealthy lifestyle choices.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Life should not be only for wealthy as wealthy people are no better than those less fortunate.	An unregulated market ensures cheap medicine.	Cheap medicine is accessible to those who need it.	No Time Limits on Care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The affordable health care act causes an increase in health care costs.	Obama Care helps thousands of individuals get the care they deserve.	Health care should not punish people for pre-existing conditions.	A low cost medicine pogram help to improve Heatl care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Everyone should have access to basic medical care.	Healthcare is the basis of living.	Health care should be guaranteed for all Americans.	People who are paying for healthcare suffer.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The country already has too much debt to even consider funding healthcare.	Us citizen health care should be free for unemployed poppulation.	Business should not determine how much a person should suffer for medicine.	Obama care should provide a measure for free health care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health insurance should be cheaper for people who are healthy for their age.	Affordable Health Care Act is good for the country.	Obama Care makes people use cheap medicine.	Health care results from our right to life.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Us citizens must be charged but on a mimimal level.	Healthcare is too expensive.	Affordable Health Care Act is good for all.	The law also includes spending. Upfront spending and more regulation are required to realize long-term cost-curbing measures.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Let the poor have a good healthcare.	Medical treatments should be only for people that can afford treatments.	Free health care leads to people not taking care of their health.	Obama care can do good in the world.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Taxes are going up as a result of the ACA.	With obamacare nobody has to die because they have no money.	Free market on drugs lets people raise the price.	Access to basic medical care will lower the total overall cost for everyone.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
A benefit of unregulated health care is lower cost of medicine although it will not be available without health care.	The first step toward Universal Health Care is Obama Care, backed by the Affordable Care Act.	Obama care should be removed.	Health care should be free for all.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
ObamaCares many protections ensure that you cant be dropped from coverage when you get sick or make an honest mistake on your application.	Life saving drugs should be free for everyone.	We need a enlightenment pass on Obama care.	The middle class should have to pay higher taxes, because they will use more government funds for their healthcare.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Healthcare is too expensive.	People shouldn't die because they can't afford the cure.	Health must be a right of all people.	The health care act is a very good system.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
We should have lower prescription drug costs.	Healthcare professionals should not suffer with no health insurance and not be charged for it either.	Because of obama care an increased number of americans have health insurance.	With obamacare tens of millions of uninsured people have access to affordable, high-quality health insurance through Medicaid expansion, their employers, and the Health Insurance Marketplace.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Affordable Health Care Act should not be replaced.	Unemployed must revice free Health care.	Everyone should have access to cheap healthcare.	Preventative care is beneficial for the entire health care system.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Let the poor have a good healthcare.	Affordable Health Care Act is affordable.	Life should not be only for wealthy as wealthy people are no better than those less fortunate.	Things to save people life should be offered freely to them.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Business should not determine how much a person should suffer for medicine.	Letting a person die for not having to pay for their medicine is a form of murder.	Health coverage should be optional.	With Obamacare people with pre-existing health conditions can no longer be denied coverage by insurance companies.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Healthcare should not be free for unemployed people.	There should be more competitive prices for health care.	Cancer treatment should be subsidized.	People may rely on free health care to substitute there own role in maintaining unhealthy lifestyle choices.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
A benefit of unregulated health care is lower cost of medicine although it will not be available without health care.	All americans should have free basic medical care.	A low cost medicine pogram help to improve Heatl care.	Medical treatments should be only for people that can afford treatments.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Every deserves a chance at life.	More screenings should be covered in obamacare.	Free health care is just another entitlement.	In its current form, the Affordable Care Act is not sustainable.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Employment status should not be tied to access to health care.	Obamacare should not exist.	Health should be free for all unemployed people.	Medical treatments should be free for all the people.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The Obama care program is too costly.	People should have access to lifesaving medical opportunities.	You should not be fined if you dont have insurance.	Obama care should not be scrapped.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care should be more affordable.	Health care should be offered to all with a doctor determining to end a patients care for negative reasonings.	Having access to health care makes the population more secure.	Individuals living in poverty deserve health care, and Obama Care helps to make it happen.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Healthcare professionals should not have to pay taxatoin of medicaid.	Health care should be free for all.	Obamacare is of benefit to society.	Everyone needs insurance.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Healthcare is the basis of living.	All people deserve access to health care.	With obamacare nobody has to die because they have no money.	Everyone should be provided basic health care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
We should get rid of the health insurance middle man.	Obama care makes many people pay higher premiums.	It is good that young adults can stay on their parents plans.	Saving a life should be a top priority regardless of health care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Medicines should regulate their price or be free in hospitals.	Us citizen health care should be free for unemployed poppulation.	Every one should be treated equally.	An unregulated market ensures cheap medicine.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Healthcare should be free.	Having health insurance lowers medical costs.	Other countries with free healthcare have a cheaper system that works equally good.	Health is wealth and should be encouraged.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The affordable health care act causes an increase in health care costs.	Health care must be accessible to low-income people.	Obama Care helps thousands of individuals get the care they deserve.	The wealthier you are, the more you should have to pay to help fellow Americans.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Life saving drugs should be afforable for everyone.	CHIP has expanded to cover up to 9 million children.	Free market on drugs lets people raise the price.	Drugs that help save lives should be accessible.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Affordable Health Care Act should remain in the US.	Obama care is beneficial for blacks and all races other than white.	Universal health care is too slow.	The Obama care program should be revised.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care should not punish people for pre-existing conditions.	Access to basic medical care will lower the total overall cost for everyone.	Obama care should and has end the dropping sick patients.	Free health care leads to people not taking care of their health.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
No Time Limits on Care.	The pricing models of obama care are too expensive.	Everyone should receive healthcare.	Obama care should be encouraged.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Government needs to make people healthy.	Obama care should provide a measure for free health care.	All citizens should benefits from obama care.	Access to preventative medicine reduces more expensive medical costs later.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Obama care should subsidiate expensives medicines.	Free market capitalism doesn't work for health care, because a person who is keeling over from a heart attack doesn't have time to select the best hospital with the most affordable cost.	Our curent healthcare system is outrageous.	Our health care system is inefficient.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care should be accessible for everyone regardless of monetary status.	It is the humane thing to do to provide healthcare for those that cannot afford it.	People should pay to mantain good health.	The premiums for the Affordable Care Act are too expensive.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Government involvement is important for a good health care.	Health care should be guaranteed for all Americans.	Every person has the right to access basic medical care.	Taxes are going up as a result of the ACA.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health insurance should be cheaper for people who are healthy for their age.	Health care should be free for everyone.	No one should be deprived of health care.	ObamaCares many protections ensure that you cant be dropped from coverage when you get sick or make an honest mistake on your application.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Life saving drugs should be free for everyone.	Health Care should be self paid but subsidiate by the goverment.	People who are paying for healthcare suffer.	All healthcare should be free.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Global health should be our primary goal.	Pre-existing conditions should be covered.	Some regulations on healthcare and drug pricing is necessary to ensure access to both without economic disaster from price gouging.	Obamacare must make sure that health concerns are treated with utmost priority.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The first step toward Universal Health Care is Obama Care, backed by the Affordable Care Act.	Unregulated health care markets are not beneficial to the american public, they create pricing gouges for certain life saving drugs, ie the epi pens.	Obama Care makes people use cheap medicine.	Health insurance with obamacare is now more affordable for many people.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care should be universal in the United States.	There are now more private coverage options, and all major medical coverage options must provide minimum essential coverage.	All americans should get the same health insurance that congress gets.	Everyone should have access to basic medical care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The government must run the expenses of the sick.	Affordable Health Care Act is good for the country.	Obama care is bad for the country.	Cheap medicine is accessible to those who need it.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
All people should have right to a safe life.	Public health is a necessity.	Heath care access is important in leveling the playing field between classes.	Obacamacare provides healhtcare for all.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care results from our right to life.	A persons life should be more important than their capability to pay for it.	Government needs to keep people healthy.	Free health care is very necessary for certain social groups.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Obama care is a waste of money.	People should not be taxed for being poor.	The law also includes spending. Upfront spending and more regulation are required to realize long-term cost-curbing measures.	Obama Care should remain the law of the federal government, as it covers more indivdiuals.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Healthcare should be available to all us citizens.	Healthcare should be handled on the state level, not on the federal level.	Health care should be offered to anyone in need.	By giving people free health care it can lead to them being lazy.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Healthcare should be free for all.	The poor should have a chance.	The country already has too much debt to even consider funding healthcare.	Once you give people free health care, you cannot take it back.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
All people should have access to medicines.	Obama care should be removed.	Us citizens must be charged but on a mimimal level.	The Obama care program has to many loopholes.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Obama care can do good in the world.	Affordable Health Care Act is good for all.	Medical care should be a human right.	Subsidies for health insurance should be reduced at the top end of the spectrum.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The Obama care program has to many loopholes.	Obacamacare provides healhtcare for all.	Obama care can do good in the world.	Having health insurance lowers medical costs.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Obamacare should not exist.	Access to basic medical care will lower the total overall cost for everyone.	Health care should be free for all.	Once you give people free health care, you cannot take it back.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Life should not be only for wealthy as wealthy people are no better than those less fortunate.	Healthcare professionals should not suffer with no health insurance and not be charged for it either.	ObamaCares many protections ensure that you cant be dropped from coverage when you get sick or make an honest mistake on your application.	Us citizen health care should be free for unemployed poppulation.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Taxes are going up as a result of the ACA.	Things to save people life should be offered freely to them.	Healthcare is the basis of living.	Obama care should subsidiate expensives medicines.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care should be free for everyone.	Medical care should be a human right.	A benefit of unregulated health care is lower cost of medicine although it will not be available without health care.	Health insurance should be cheaper for people who are healthy for their age.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health is wealth and should be encouraged.	You should not be fined if you dont have insurance.	It is the humane thing to do to provide healthcare for those that cannot afford it.	Health insurance with obamacare is now more affordable for many people.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The Obama care program should be revised.	Free market on drugs lets people raise the price.	Health care should not punish people for pre-existing conditions.	Everyone should have access to cheap healthcare.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Universal health care is too slow.	Cheap medicine is accessible to those who need it.	Every person has the right to access basic medical care.	With obamacare nobody has to die because they have no money.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Obama care should not be scrapped.	Healthcare should not be free for unemployed people.	Pre-existing conditions should be covered.	Government involvement is important for a good health care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Letting a person die for not having to pay for their medicine is a form of murder.	People should pay to mantain good health.	Health care results from our right to life.	Obama Care helps thousands of individuals get the care they deserve.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
A low cost medicine pogram help to improve Heatl care.	Medical treatments should be only for people that can afford treatments.	Affordable Health Care Act should remain in the US.	Having access to health care makes the population more secure.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The Obama care program is too costly.	Government needs to make people healthy.	No one should be deprived of health care.	Free health care is just another entitlement.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Drugs that help save lives should be accessible.	The first step toward Universal Health Care is Obama Care, backed by the Affordable Care Act.	The affordable health care act causes an increase in health care costs.	Healthcare professionals should not have to pay taxatoin of medicaid.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Everyone needs insurance.	Us citizens must be charged but on a mimimal level.	An unregulated market ensures cheap medicine.	Obama Care makes people use cheap medicine.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Public health is a necessity.	Medicines should regulate their price or be free in hospitals.	All healthcare should be free.	Health care should be accessible for everyone regardless of monetary status.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
All citizens should benefits from obama care.	Unemployed must revice free Health care.	With Obamacare people with pre-existing health conditions can no longer be denied coverage by insurance companies.	The pricing models of obama care are too expensive.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Individuals living in poverty deserve health care, and Obama Care helps to make it happen.	Health Care should be self paid but subsidiate by the goverment.	CHIP has expanded to cover up to 9 million children.	In its current form, the Affordable Care Act is not sustainable.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
By giving people free health care it can lead to them being lazy.	People should have access to lifesaving medical opportunities.	All people should have access to medicines.	Health must be a right of all people.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health coverage should be optional.	Access to preventative medicine reduces more expensive medical costs later.	Affordable Health Care Act should not be replaced.	Obama care should and has end the dropping sick patients.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
No Time Limits on Care.	Some regulations on healthcare and drug pricing is necessary to ensure access to both without economic disaster from price gouging.	Healthcare should be available to all us citizens.	Cancer treatment should be subsidized.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
There are now more private coverage options, and all major medical coverage options must provide minimum essential coverage.	Government needs to keep people healthy.	People who are paying for healthcare suffer.	Obama care should be encouraged.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care should be universal in the United States.	Subsidies for health insurance should be reduced at the top end of the spectrum.	Healthcare should be free.	We should have lower prescription drug costs.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
More screenings should be covered in obamacare.	The poor should have a chance.	Affordable Health Care Act is good for the country.	The wealthier you are, the more you should have to pay to help fellow Americans.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The health care act is a very good system.	Other countries with free healthcare have a cheaper system that works equally good.	Obama care should be removed.	Obama care makes many people pay higher premiums.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
People should not be taxed for being poor.	The government must run the expenses of the sick.	Health care should be more affordable.	Health care should be offered to all with a doctor determining to end a patients care for negative reasonings.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Affordable Health Care Act is good for all.	People may rely on free health care to substitute there own role in maintaining unhealthy lifestyle choices.	Because of obama care an increased number of americans have health insurance.	Every deserves a chance at life.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
There should be more competitive prices for health care.	Healthcare should be handled on the state level, not on the federal level.	Our health care system is inefficient.	Everyone should be provided basic health care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Heath care access is important in leveling the playing field between classes.	Obama care is a waste of money.	A persons life should be more important than their capability to pay for it.	Healthcare should be free for all.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care should be guaranteed for all Americans.	Healthcare is too expensive.	The country already has too much debt to even consider funding healthcare.	It is good that young adults can stay on their parents plans.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
All people should have right to a safe life.	Obamacare must make sure that health concerns are treated with utmost priority.	Obama care should provide a measure for free health care.	Life saving drugs should be afforable for everyone.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The premiums for the Affordable Care Act are too expensive.	The middle class should have to pay higher taxes, because they will use more government funds for their healthcare.	Obamacare is of benefit to society.	Health care must be accessible to low-income people.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
All americans should have free basic medical care.	Unregulated health care markets are not beneficial to the american public, they create pricing gouges for certain life saving drugs, ie the epi pens.	Global health should be our primary goal.	Our curent healthcare system is outrageous.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
All americans should get the same health insurance that congress gets.	Every one should be treated equally.	We need a enlightenment pass on Obama care.	Let the poor have a good healthcare.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Everyone should have access to basic medical care.	Obama care is bad for the country.	The law also includes spending. Upfront spending and more regulation are required to realize long-term cost-curbing measures.	Saving a life should be a top priority regardless of health care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Everyone should receive healthcare.	Life saving drugs should be free for everyone.	Health should be free for all unemployed people.	With obamacare tens of millions of uninsured people have access to affordable, high-quality health insurance through Medicaid expansion, their employers, and the Health Insurance Marketplace.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Free market capitalism doesn't work for health care, because a person who is keeling over from a heart attack doesn't have time to select the best hospital with the most affordable cost.	Obama care is beneficial for blacks and all races other than white.	Obama Care should remain the law of the federal government, as it covers more indivdiuals.	Business should not determine how much a person should suffer for medicine.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Medical treatments should be free for all the people.	Preventative care is beneficial for the entire health care system.	We should get rid of the health insurance middle man.	People shouldn't die because they can't afford the cure.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
All people deserve access to health care.	Free health care is very necessary for certain social groups.	Health care should be offered to anyone in need.	Affordable Health Care Act is affordable.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Employment status should not be tied to access to health care.	Free health care leads to people not taking care of their health.	Everyone should be provided basic health care.	Obamacare must make sure that health concerns are treated with utmost priority.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Obama care should not be scrapped.	Business should not determine how much a person should suffer for medicine.	There are now more private coverage options, and all major medical coverage options must provide minimum essential coverage.	Healthcare professionals should not have to pay taxatoin of medicaid.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health should be free for all unemployed people.	Obama care is bad for the country.	Access to preventative medicine reduces more expensive medical costs later.	Pre-existing conditions should be covered.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
All people should have right to a safe life.	With Obamacare people with pre-existing health conditions can no longer be denied coverage by insurance companies.	Subsidies for health insurance should be reduced at the top end of the spectrum.	Health care must be accessible to low-income people.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
People should not be taxed for being poor.	Obamacare is of benefit to society.	You should not be fined if you dont have insurance.	People may rely on free health care to substitute there own role in maintaining unhealthy lifestyle choices.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The health care act is a very good system.	Cancer treatment should be subsidized.	Medical care should be a human right.	People should have access to lifesaving medical opportunities.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Life saving drugs should be afforable for everyone.	Free health care leads to people not taking care of their health.	The Obama care program is too costly.	Health insurance should be cheaper for people who are healthy for their age.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care should not punish people for pre-existing conditions.	Let the poor have a good healthcare.	The pricing models of obama care are too expensive.	Life should not be only for wealthy as wealthy people are no better than those less fortunate.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health is wealth and should be encouraged.	All americans should get the same health insurance that congress gets.	Affordable Health Care Act should remain in the US.	Health care should be accessible for everyone regardless of monetary status.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The Obama care program has to many loopholes.	Health care should be more affordable.	Health care should be free for everyone.	Health care should be universal in the United States.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
More screenings should be covered in obamacare.	Things to save people life should be offered freely to them.	Free health care is just another entitlement.	Our health care system is inefficient.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Government needs to make people healthy.	Everyone should have access to basic medical care.	Obama care is beneficial for blacks and all races other than white.	Health care should be guaranteed for all Americans.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
ObamaCares many protections ensure that you cant be dropped from coverage when you get sick or make an honest mistake on your application.	A benefit of unregulated health care is lower cost of medicine although it will not be available without health care.	Medicines should regulate their price or be free in hospitals.	People who are paying for healthcare suffer.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
People should pay to mantain good health.	Unregulated health care markets are not beneficial to the american public, they create pricing gouges for certain life saving drugs, ie the epi pens.	The country already has too much debt to even consider funding healthcare.	The Obama care program should be revised.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Healthcare should be handled on the state level, not on the federal level.	Free market on drugs lets people raise the price.	Obama care should and has end the dropping sick patients.	Healthcare should be free for all.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
A low cost medicine pogram help to improve Heatl care.	Because of obama care an increased number of americans have health insurance.	Public health is a necessity.	Drugs that help save lives should be accessible.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
It is good that young adults can stay on their parents plans.	Obama care is a waste of money.	The government must run the expenses of the sick.	Every one should be treated equally.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
All people deserve access to health care.	Obama Care makes people use cheap medicine.	Some regulations on healthcare and drug pricing is necessary to ensure access to both without economic disaster from price gouging.	Everyone should have access to cheap healthcare.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
We should have lower prescription drug costs.	Obama care should subsidiate expensives medicines.	Us citizen health care should be free for unemployed poppulation.	Employment status should not be tied to access to health care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Healthcare is too expensive.	Medical treatments should be only for people that can afford treatments.	Having health insurance lowers medical costs.	Healthcare should be available to all us citizens.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Preventative care is beneficial for the entire health care system.	Healthcare professionals should not suffer with no health insurance and not be charged for it either.	The wealthier you are, the more you should have to pay to help fellow Americans.	Free health care is very necessary for certain social groups.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Obacamacare provides healhtcare for all.	People shouldn't die because they can't afford the cure.	All healthcare should be free.	Life saving drugs should be free for everyone.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The law also includes spending. Upfront spending and more regulation are required to realize long-term cost-curbing measures.	Other countries with free healthcare have a cheaper system that works equally good.	We need a enlightenment pass on Obama care.	Affordable Health Care Act should not be replaced.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Obama Care helps thousands of individuals get the care they deserve.	No Time Limits on Care.	CHIP has expanded to cover up to 9 million children.	Once you give people free health care, you cannot take it back.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Cheap medicine is accessible to those who need it.	Obama care should be encouraged.	Us citizens must be charged but on a mimimal level.	Obama care should be removed.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Medical treatments should be free for all the people.	Health care results from our right to life.	Obama care can do good in the world.	Government involvement is important for a good health care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Global health should be our primary goal.	Obama care should provide a measure for free health care.	Access to basic medical care will lower the total overall cost for everyone.	The first step toward Universal Health Care is Obama Care, backed by the Affordable Care Act.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care should be free for all.	We should get rid of the health insurance middle man.	Letting a person die for not having to pay for their medicine is a form of murder.	Every person has the right to access basic medical care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care should be offered to anyone in need.	Health Care should be self paid but subsidiate by the goverment.	An unregulated market ensures cheap medicine.	All citizens should benefits from obama care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Healthcare should not be free for unemployed people.	Having access to health care makes the population more secure.	By giving people free health care it can lead to them being lazy.	Obama care makes many people pay higher premiums.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health coverage should be optional.	Government needs to keep people healthy.	A persons life should be more important than their capability to pay for it.	All people should have access to medicines.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
All americans should have free basic medical care.	With obamacare tens of millions of uninsured people have access to affordable, high-quality health insurance through Medicaid expansion, their employers, and the Health Insurance Marketplace.	Heath care access is important in leveling the playing field between classes.	No one should be deprived of health care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Saving a life should be a top priority regardless of health care.	Healthcare should be free.	Affordable Health Care Act is good for the country.	There should be more competitive prices for health care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health must be a right of all people.	Healthcare is the basis of living.	The affordable health care act causes an increase in health care costs.	Obama Care should remain the law of the federal government, as it covers more indivdiuals.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health insurance with obamacare is now more affordable for many people.	Affordable Health Care Act is good for all.	The premiums for the Affordable Care Act are too expensive.	Unemployed must revice free Health care.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Health care should be offered to all with a doctor determining to end a patients care for negative reasonings.	Affordable Health Care Act is affordable.	It is the humane thing to do to provide healthcare for those that cannot afford it.	The poor should have a chance.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Individuals living in poverty deserve health care, and Obama Care helps to make it happen.	Everyone needs insurance.	Universal health care is too slow.	Taxes are going up as a result of the ACA.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
Every deserves a chance at life.	Free market capitalism doesn't work for health care, because a person who is keeling over from a heart attack doesn't have time to select the best hospital with the most affordable cost.	Everyone should receive healthcare.	Our curent healthcare system is outrageous.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
The middle class should have to pay higher taxes, because they will use more government funds for their healthcare.	Obamacare should not exist.	In its current form, the Affordable Care Act is not sustainable.	With obamacare nobody has to die because they have no money.	Obama Care -- Affordable Health Care Act
These are the ideals set forth in the U.S. Constitution.	Electoral system has a loophole that is being abused.	We must include all US residents.	Dont let celebrities run for elections.	US Electoral System
The electoral system are the ideals set forth in the U.S. Constitution.	Media plays a role in the US Electoral System, and impacts all elections.	Having third parties would get more people to vote.	Voters should be required to be registered and with ID to vote on election day.	US Electoral System
US overseas regions have the right to vote at presidential elections.	The system gives too much importance to the social status	It is difficult to transfer the vote information of the overseas.	The electoral college should be eliminated.	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party who is setting the electoral districts.	We can be proud how the voting results are determined in the USA.	Electoral college should be monitored for corruption.	people should choose their leader	US Electoral System
The electoral college should not be as important at it is.	The electoral system must be fair.	States should do what they can to avoid voter fraud	Gerrymandering should be unethical and penalized.	US Electoral System
The two parties are corrupt.	the electoral college should not be as important	We should require a photo ID for every vote.	The electors should do their job by voting for the candidate that got the popular vote.	US Electoral System
The counting of votes should be done in presence of all the people	Electoral college maintains balance in popular sovereignty.	Swing states are given too much importance in the electoral college.	Popular vote is more accurathe than Electoral College.	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering should be unethical and penalized	All states should adopt the popular vote.	The voting age should be changed to 16	The US electoral system is the set of rules that determines how elections (the election of the President) are conducted.	US Electoral System
The people should have a say over the vote of the electoral	All state should not use electoral system because its not the people's choice.	Elections should be based on popular votes.	The electoral system should be done different.	US Electoral System
There should be more than two parties.	Candidates should not be selected by government	The Electoral college is not for overseas regions	These electors typically vote for the candidate for which their state popularly voted.	US Electoral System
Swing states are given too much importance in the electoral college	Electoral college facilitates a two-party system.	Require a photo ID for every vote	The electoral college should not be given too much priority	US Electoral System
Small states and swing states get more power through the current system.	Technology allows us to take place more in a democracy.	The electoral system makes voting unfair.	There must be a thorough review of the votes.	US Electoral System
The election should be based on a national popular vote.	The system is archaic and needs to be updated.	Free and easy IDs should be able to be obtained so that  photo ID can be implemented	Voting for an independent candidate only ensures that the Republican will win.	US Electoral System
Our good electoral system puts US as a world example.	There should be a more secure identification system when voting	Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party that creates the district.	Requiring an ID to vote will make voting more difficult for people below the poverty line.	US Electoral System
The electoral college is corrupt.	The elections are the most important thing in American decisions	Swing states are no more important than other states	Popular votes are by the people and should be the determinance of a president by the people for the people	US Electoral System
Media plays a too big role in the US Electoral System and all elections.	The electoral college is a well tooled method of equalizing population swing in the united states with regard to voting impact.	The electoral system has to much power.	Election should be by ballot casting	US Electoral System
delegates should be appointed in a clear and well defined fashion	It maintains balance in  popular sovereignty	The outcome of the system should be the peoples will	All people should have right to vote.	US Electoral System
The Electoral System is too complicated and dissuades people from voting.	Convicted felons who have completed their sentences should be allowed to vote.	The popular vote should beat the electoral vote.	requiring photo ids to vote will place a burden on seniors, the poor, immigrants and lower socio economic groups	US Electoral System
Photo id's should be presented to new citizens eligible to vote and those who have moved to different voting districts.	The electoral system should be more transparent.	Swing states are too powerful.	Popular votes by the people should be the votes that determine the presidency.	US Electoral System
All US citizens should have a right to vote no matter their location.	The US Electoral System needs to be changed to more effectively represent individuals.	Election right should be open to all.	It is difficult to send the vote information of the overseas	US Electoral System
Popular votes by the people should be the votes that determine the presidency	The voting age should be changed to 16.	We should look at other contries to improve our system.	Electoral system is unfair.	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering is a valid system.	The elections are the most important thing in American decisions.	All us citizens should be considered fairly.	The electoral college should not be given too much priority.	US Electoral System
Thumb printing system should be used for votes.	We should have online voting so physical booths are not manipulated.	The electoral college protects minority interests.	The issue includes whether all US overseas regions should be allowed to vote.	US Electoral System
Money should not determine the political candidate.	The elections are rigged.	All elections should be based on one vote only.	The system should consist of more than two parties.	US Electoral System
Polls should not be announced during the election, because they can influence voting behavior.	We should have more than two big parties.	Requiring a photo id is a valid tool provided the accessibility of obtaining a photo id is not disproportionate based on racial or economic factors.	All state should not use electoral system because its not the people's choice	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering can create an unfair advantage for one party.	Both parties should be involved in determining electoral districts	The Electoral college does not cover overseas regions.	The counting of votes should be done in presence of all the people.	US Electoral System
Elections should be obased on popular vote	Photo Id's can prevent voter fraud.	It is always opportune for a better national operation.	Changing electoral districts to better reflect societal distributions will benefit the electoral system.	US Electoral System
Smaller states should have as much power as large states.	Small states and swing states get more power.	the electoral college should not be more important than the majority vote	All elections should be based on popular vote	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering should not be allowed.	All elections should be based on popular vote.	The popular vote would not be a better way to decide elections.	Employers should be required to close on election days so that their employees have enough time to vote.	US Electoral System
The pepple should select the president not the electoral college.	Electoral college is too complicated and dissuades people from voting.	Popular vote should never be used as a determining factor because it give total control of the country to large coastal states	Photo id's should be presented in cases of new residency	US Electoral System
US should start abolishing electoral voting system.	Photo id's should be presented at the ballot in cases of new residency.	All elections should be based on vote count only.	Delegates should be appointed in a clear and well defined fashion.	US Electoral System
Swing states seem to dominate votes via the electoral college system.	All people should have right to vote	Gerrymandering is immoral and unethical although politically useful.	Gerrymandering is unfair	US Electoral System
Popular vote should matter more in the US electoral system.	The US voting system is archaic	Compulsory voting should be implemented.	The 2016 election was not hacked.	US Electoral System
Everybody should have tolhe right to vote.	The electoral college needs to be reevaluated.	Free and easy IDs should be able to be obtained so that photo ID can be implemented.	Electoral college  directs more power to the states.	US Electoral System
The electoral system should have more thought put into it.	The person a majority of Americans favor may not win in the current system.	Electoral system is unfair	The electoral system needs to be revised.	US Electoral System
The Electoral System does not properly match representation of constituents.	The electorial system is in place to make sure that high population areas do not make all the political decisions.	Election should be base on interest.	Only U.S. citizens living in the 50 states should be allowed to vote.	US Electoral System
Requiring photo ids to vote will place a burden on seniors, the poor, immigrants and lower socio economic groups.	The system gives too much importance to the social status of representatives.	elections should be based on popular votes	You have to digitize and monitor live the votes.	US Electoral System
the electoral college needs to be reevaluated	The people should elect there leader	There needs to be a buffer between population and the selection of a President.	There should be a more secure identification system when voting.	US Electoral System
Popular votes are by the people and should be the determinance of a president by the people for the people.	All us citizens should be eligible to vote without discrimination.	Politicians have control over the electoral system, and have ways to tilt it in their favor.	States should do what they can to avoid voter fraud.	US Electoral System
The electoral college should not be more important than the majority vote.	The US electoral system is the set of rules that determines how elections (the election of the President) are conducted	The election should not be based on state votes.	All regions that are part of the United States and are participants of the government should be allowed to vote.	US Electoral System
Swing states seem to dominate votes via the electoral college system	Electoral college protects minority.	No state should be allowed to award electoral votes on an all-or-nothing basis.	The electoral college system gives too much importance to swing states.	US Electoral System
The electors in the electoral college do not always vote for the candidate for which their state popularly voted.	Electoral college directs more power to smaller states.	No state should be allowed to award electoral votes on an all or nothing basis	All states should hold primaries on the same day.	US Electoral System
Compulsory voting should be implemented	The people should elect there leader.	Candidates should not be selected by government.	The us citizens should have a database of all overseas citizens.	US Electoral System
Electoral college directs more power to the states.	We should require a id to vote.	Foreign people should not be allowed to vote	The Electoral College is outdated.	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party who is setting the electoral districts	Foreign people should be allowed to vote if they are in the US for over a year.	Popular vote should never be used as a determining factor because it give total control of the country to large coastal states.	Both parties should be involved in determining electoral districts.	US Electoral System
We should require a id for every vote	All territories are qualified to vote during the election.	The people should have a say over the vote of the electoral college.	Convicted felons who have completed their sentences should be allowed to vote	US Electoral System
Swing states are no more important than other states in the current system.	A good electoral system puts us as a world example	Voter ID should be required to vote.	The US voting system is archaic.	US Electoral System
All US citizens should be able to vote.	Those who use negative tactics to win in the US Elector System should be ashamed of themselves.	No one outside the us should be allowed to vote for our president.	Election should be by ballot casting.	US Electoral System
The electoral college is limited due to a lack of diverse parties.	US overseas regions should be allowed to vote.	Electoral College vote system is not the best system.	All US citizens should have a right to vote no matter their location	US Electoral System
People should have to have an id in order to vote.	More than two parties would make the system more fair.	Gerrymandering is unfair.	We should have online voting so physical booths are not manipulated.	US Electoral System
Electoral college directs more power to smaller states.	You have to digitize and monitor live the votes.	Gerrymandering should not be allowed.	Swing states are given too much importance in the electoral college.	US Electoral System
All territories are qualified to vote during the election.	The electoral college is limited due to a lack of diverse parties.	No state should be allowed to award electoral votes on an all or nothing basis	Compulsory voting should be implemented	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party who is setting the electoral districts.	There must be a thorough review of the votes.	The popular vote would not be a better way to decide elections.	The electoral system should be done different.	US Electoral System
US should start abolishing electoral voting system.	Gerrymandering is immoral and unethical although politically useful.	All state should not use electoral system because its not the people's choice	Popular votes by the people should be the votes that determine the presidency.	US Electoral System
The Electoral System is too complicated and dissuades people from voting.	Popular vote is more accurathe than Electoral College.	Swing states seem to dominate votes via the electoral college system	Gerrymandering is a valid system.	US Electoral System
The system gives too much importance to the social status	Photo id's should be presented at the ballot in cases of new residency.	The electoral system needs to be revised.	The election should be based on a national popular vote.	US Electoral System
The electoral system makes voting unfair.	The electoral college should not be given too much priority	Popular votes are by the people and should be the determinance of a president by the people for the people	Elections should be based on popular votes.	US Electoral System
These electors typically vote for the candidate for which their state popularly voted.	The electoral college is a well tooled method of equalizing population swing in the united states with regard to voting impact.	delegates should be appointed in a clear and well defined fashion	The Electoral college does not cover overseas regions.	US Electoral System
The US voting system is archaic.	The system is archaic and needs to be updated.	Voters should be required to be registered and with ID to vote on election day.	All elections should be based on one vote only.	US Electoral System
Both parties should be involved in determining electoral districts	All people should have right to vote	Popular votes are by the people and should be the determinance of a president by the people for the people.	It is always opportune for a better national operation.	US Electoral System
It is difficult to send the vote information of the overseas	Smaller states should have as much power as large states.	Gerrymandering should be unethical and penalized.	Small states and swing states get more power through the current system.	US Electoral System
The electoral system has to much power.	The system gives too much importance to the social status of representatives.	The electors in the electoral college do not always vote for the candidate for which their state popularly voted.	No state should be allowed to award electoral votes on an all-or-nothing basis.	US Electoral System
We should require a photo ID for every vote.	Requiring a photo id is a valid tool provided the accessibility of obtaining a photo id is not disproportionate based on racial or economic factors.	Electoral college facilitates a two-party system.	All people should have right to vote.	US Electoral System
Dont let celebrities run for elections.	Electoral college maintains balance in popular sovereignty.	Elections should be obased on popular vote	Gerrymandering should be unethical and penalized	US Electoral System
The US Electoral System needs to be changed to more effectively represent individuals.	The electoral college should not be as important at it is.	We should have more than two big parties.	Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party that creates the district.	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering can create an unfair advantage for one party.	All us citizens should be eligible to vote without discrimination.	The electoral system must be fair.	Foreign people should be allowed to vote if they are in the US for over a year.	US Electoral System
Voter ID should be required to vote.	There needs to be a buffer between population and the selection of a President.	The US electoral system is the set of rules that determines how elections (the election of the President) are conducted.	It is difficult to transfer the vote information of the overseas.	US Electoral System
We should require a id to vote.	The system should consist of more than two parties.	The issue includes whether all US overseas regions should be allowed to vote.	Electoral college protects minority.	US Electoral System
The people should have a say over the vote of the electoral	The US electoral system is the set of rules that determines how elections (the election of the President) are conducted	Election right should be open to all.	The Electoral College is outdated.	US Electoral System
All US citizens should be able to vote.	All states should hold primaries on the same day.	the electoral college should not be as important	The electoral system are the ideals set forth in the U.S. Constitution.	US Electoral System
We should look at other contries to improve our system.	The electoral college protects minority interests.	There should be a more secure identification system when voting	The outcome of the system should be the peoples will	US Electoral System
Requiring an ID to vote will make voting more difficult for people below the poverty line.	These are the ideals set forth in the U.S. Constitution.	The elections are the most important thing in American decisions.	Changing electoral districts to better reflect societal distributions will benefit the electoral system.	US Electoral System
Swing states are given too much importance in the electoral college	The Electoral System does not properly match representation of constituents.	Electoral College vote system is not the best system.	It maintains balance in  popular sovereignty	US Electoral System
The electoral college should be eliminated.	Election should be by ballot casting.	Candidates should not be selected by government	All regions that are part of the United States and are participants of the government should be allowed to vote.	US Electoral System
Require a photo ID for every vote	A good electoral system puts us as a world example	Election should be by ballot casting	Popular vote should never be used as a determining factor because it give total control of the country to large coastal states.	US Electoral System
Convicted felons who have completed their sentences should be allowed to vote	The counting of votes should be done in presence of all the people.	Swing states are no more important than other states	The Electoral college is not for overseas regions	US Electoral System
Electoral college should be monitored for corruption.	All state should not use electoral system because its not the people's choice.	The electoral system should be more transparent.	States should do what they can to avoid voter fraud	US Electoral System
The electoral college system gives too much importance to swing states.	All us citizens should be considered fairly.	Free and easy IDs should be able to be obtained so that  photo ID can be implemented	The electorial system is in place to make sure that high population areas do not make all the political decisions.	US Electoral System
The us citizens should have a database of all overseas citizens.	All US citizens should have a right to vote no matter their location	elections should be based on popular votes	Both parties should be involved in determining electoral districts.	US Electoral System
Swing states are no more important than other states in the current system.	Electoral system is unfair	More than two parties would make the system more fair.	US overseas regions have the right to vote at presidential elections.	US Electoral System
Popular votes by the people should be the votes that determine the presidency	Money should not determine the political candidate.	The people should have a say over the vote of the electoral college.	The popular vote should beat the electoral vote.	US Electoral System
Free and easy IDs should be able to be obtained so that photo ID can be implemented.	Photo id's should be presented to new citizens eligible to vote and those who have moved to different voting districts.	Delegates should be appointed in a clear and well defined fashion.	Those who use negative tactics to win in the US Elector System should be ashamed of themselves.	US Electoral System
The US voting system is archaic	The elections are rigged.	Gerrymandering is unfair.	All elections should be based on popular vote.	US Electoral System
The 2016 election was not hacked.	Swing states are too powerful.	The two parties are corrupt.	Electoral college  directs more power to the states.	US Electoral System
The elections are the most important thing in American decisions	Electoral college directs more power to the states.	US overseas regions should be allowed to vote.	The electoral college should not be more important than the majority vote.	US Electoral System
Everybody should have tolhe right to vote.	Electoral college is too complicated and dissuades people from voting.	The counting of votes should be done in presence of all the people	Politicians have control over the electoral system, and have ways to tilt it in their favor.	US Electoral System
requiring photo ids to vote will place a burden on seniors, the poor, immigrants and lower socio economic groups	Our good electoral system puts US as a world example.	Media plays a role in the US Electoral System, and impacts all elections.	Compulsory voting should be implemented.	US Electoral System
The electors should do their job by voting for the candidate that got the popular vote.	Only U.S. citizens living in the 50 states should be allowed to vote.	Photo id's should be presented in cases of new residency	We should require a id for every vote	US Electoral System
Electoral system has a loophole that is being abused.	All elections should be based on popular vote	Photo Id's can prevent voter fraud.	Requiring photo ids to vote will place a burden on seniors, the poor, immigrants and lower socio economic groups.	US Electoral System
The electoral system should have more thought put into it.	Voting for an independent candidate only ensures that the Republican will win.	Polls should not be announced during the election, because they can influence voting behavior.	Gerrymandering is unfair	US Electoral System
States should do what they can to avoid voter fraud.	The people should elect there leader.	There should be more than two parties.	Electoral system is unfair.	US Electoral System
the electoral college needs to be reevaluated	Foreign people should not be allowed to vote	Media plays a too big role in the US Electoral System and all elections.	Swing states seem to dominate votes via the electoral college system.	US Electoral System
The electoral college needs to be reevaluated.	Small states and swing states get more power.	The pepple should select the president not the electoral college.	We must include all US residents.	US Electoral System
The person a majority of Americans favor may not win in the current system.	The electoral college is corrupt.	The election should not be based on state votes.	We can be proud how the voting results are determined in the USA.	US Electoral System
The electoral college should not be given too much priority.	Employers should be required to close on election days so that their employees have enough time to vote.	Election should be base on interest.	Popular vote should never be used as a determining factor because it give total control of the country to large coastal states	US Electoral System
The voting age should be changed to 16	All US citizens should have a right to vote no matter their location.	Popular vote should matter more in the US electoral system.	Convicted felons who have completed their sentences should be allowed to vote.	US Electoral System
People should have to have an id in order to vote.	Candidates should not be selected by government.	Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party who is setting the electoral districts	Having third parties would get more people to vote.	US Electoral System
Technology allows us to take place more in a democracy.	All states should adopt the popular vote.	No one outside the us should be allowed to vote for our president.	The voting age should be changed to 16.	US Electoral System
All elections should be based on vote count only.	Thumb printing system should be used for votes.	people should choose their leader	the electoral college should not be more important than the majority vote	US Electoral System
There should be a more secure identification system when voting.	The people should elect there leader	The voting age should be changed to 16	The US electoral system is the set of rules that determines how elections (the election of the President) are conducted	US Electoral System
All us citizens should be considered fairly.	Free and easy IDs should be able to be obtained so that  photo ID can be implemented	Requiring an ID to vote will make voting more difficult for people below the poverty line.	Employers should be required to close on election days so that their employees have enough time to vote.	US Electoral System
Popular vote should never be used as a determining factor because it give total control of the country to large coastal states.	US should start abolishing electoral voting system.	The popular vote should beat the electoral vote.	The electors in the electoral college do not always vote for the candidate for which their state popularly voted.	US Electoral System
The us citizens should have a database of all overseas citizens.	Foreign people should not be allowed to vote	The electoral system should have more thought put into it.	Popular votes are by the people and should be the determinance of a president by the people for the people	US Electoral System
It is difficult to transfer the vote information of the overseas.	Gerrymandering can create an unfair advantage for one party.	Small states and swing states get more power.	Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party who is setting the electoral districts.	US Electoral System
It is always opportune for a better national operation.	Gerrymandering is a valid system.	Popular votes by the people should be the votes that determine the presidency.	Everybody should have tolhe right to vote.	US Electoral System
The popular vote would not be a better way to decide elections.	The electoral college protects minority interests.	We should require a id to vote.	The electoral college should not be more important than the majority vote.	US Electoral System
The electoral system are the ideals set forth in the U.S. Constitution.	requiring photo ids to vote will place a burden on seniors, the poor, immigrants and lower socio economic groups	Voting for an independent candidate only ensures that the Republican will win.	Popular votes by the people should be the votes that determine the presidency	US Electoral System
The US Electoral System needs to be changed to more effectively represent individuals.	Media plays a too big role in the US Electoral System and all elections.	There should be a more secure identification system when voting	Electoral college  directs more power to the states.	US Electoral System
The electoral college should be eliminated.	Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party that creates the district.	Candidates should not be selected by government	The electors should do their job by voting for the candidate that got the popular vote.	US Electoral System
Electoral college facilitates a two-party system.	Swing states are too powerful.	Only U.S. citizens living in the 50 states should be allowed to vote.	All states should hold primaries on the same day.	US Electoral System
All people should have right to vote	All elections should be based on popular vote	the electoral college should not be more important than the majority vote	The electoral college is a well tooled method of equalizing population swing in the united states with regard to voting impact.	US Electoral System
The people should have a say over the vote of the electoral	Swing states seem to dominate votes via the electoral college system	There should be a more secure identification system when voting.	Electoral college should be monitored for corruption.	US Electoral System
Election should be by ballot casting.	The elections are rigged.	The electoral system needs to be revised.	The people should elect there leader	US Electoral System
Swing states are given too much importance in the electoral college	The US voting system is archaic.	Requiring photo ids to vote will place a burden on seniors, the poor, immigrants and lower socio economic groups.	No one outside the us should be allowed to vote for our president.	US Electoral System
Dont let celebrities run for elections.	Swing states are no more important than other states in the current system.	The electoral system must be fair.	The electoral college is corrupt.	US Electoral System
The electorial system is in place to make sure that high population areas do not make all the political decisions.	Compulsory voting should be implemented	Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party who is setting the electoral districts	Free and easy IDs should be able to be obtained so that photo ID can be implemented.	US Electoral System
The Electoral System does not properly match representation of constituents.	Those who use negative tactics to win in the US Elector System should be ashamed of themselves.	States should do what they can to avoid voter fraud.	Convicted felons who have completed their sentences should be allowed to vote.	US Electoral System
Popular vote is more accurathe than Electoral College.	The 2016 election was not hacked.	Election should be by ballot casting	Electoral college directs more power to the states.	US Electoral System
The elections are the most important thing in American decisions	Our good electoral system puts US as a world example.	The voting age should be changed to 16.	Convicted felons who have completed their sentences should be allowed to vote	US Electoral System
Popular votes are by the people and should be the determinance of a president by the people for the people.	The issue includes whether all US overseas regions should be allowed to vote.	The Electoral college is not for overseas regions	The counting of votes should be done in presence of all the people	US Electoral System
The election should not be based on state votes.	There needs to be a buffer between population and the selection of a President.	Polls should not be announced during the election, because they can influence voting behavior.	All elections should be based on vote count only.	US Electoral System
The electoral college should not be as important at it is.	Both parties should be involved in determining electoral districts	There must be a thorough review of the votes.	No state should be allowed to award electoral votes on an all or nothing basis	US Electoral System
The pepple should select the president not the electoral college.	No state should be allowed to award electoral votes on an all-or-nothing basis.	These are the ideals set forth in the U.S. Constitution.	Smaller states should have as much power as large states.	US Electoral System
Swing states are no more important than other states	US overseas regions should be allowed to vote.	These electors typically vote for the candidate for which their state popularly voted.	Requiring a photo id is a valid tool provided the accessibility of obtaining a photo id is not disproportionate based on racial or economic factors.	US Electoral System
We should look at other contries to improve our system.	Elections should be obased on popular vote	Photo id's should be presented to new citizens eligible to vote and those who have moved to different voting districts.	All US citizens should have a right to vote no matter their location.	US Electoral System
You have to digitize and monitor live the votes.	The electoral college should not be given too much priority	Election right should be open to all.	We should require a id for every vote	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering is unfair.	Electoral college is too complicated and dissuades people from voting.	All territories are qualified to vote during the election.	The electoral college system gives too much importance to swing states.	US Electoral System
All elections should be based on popular vote.	Delegates should be appointed in a clear and well defined fashion.	Voters should be required to be registered and with ID to vote on election day.	All elections should be based on one vote only.	US Electoral System
The US voting system is archaic	Compulsory voting should be implemented.	All states should adopt the popular vote.	The people should elect there leader.	US Electoral System
Swing states are given too much importance in the electoral college.	Thumb printing system should be used for votes.	The electoral college should not be given too much priority.	The electoral system has to much power.	US Electoral System
The outcome of the system should be the peoples will	Photo id's should be presented in cases of new residency	Electoral system is unfair	There should be more than two parties.	US Electoral System
Photo Id's can prevent voter fraud.	States should do what they can to avoid voter fraud	elections should be based on popular votes	the electoral college should not be as important	US Electoral System
The electoral college needs to be reevaluated.	Electoral system has a loophole that is being abused.	We should have online voting so physical booths are not manipulated.	The elections are the most important thing in American decisions.	US Electoral System
The person a majority of Americans favor may not win in the current system.	Electoral college maintains balance in popular sovereignty.	The two parties are corrupt.	Elections should be based on popular votes.	US Electoral System
The system is archaic and needs to be updated.	The people should have a say over the vote of the electoral college.	It maintains balance in  popular sovereignty	A good electoral system puts us as a world example	US Electoral System
More than two parties would make the system more fair.	Gerrymandering should be unethical and penalized	It is difficult to send the vote information of the overseas	Money should not determine the political candidate.	US Electoral System
delegates should be appointed in a clear and well defined fashion	people should choose their leader	Electoral system is unfair.	Electoral college directs more power to smaller states.	US Electoral System
The Electoral college does not cover overseas regions.	People should have to have an id in order to vote.	Gerrymandering is unfair	Politicians have control over the electoral system, and have ways to tilt it in their favor.	US Electoral System
All US citizens should have a right to vote no matter their location	The electoral system should be more transparent.	Foreign people should be allowed to vote if they are in the US for over a year.	Electoral college protects minority.	US Electoral System
All us citizens should be eligible to vote without discrimination.	The electoral system should be done different.	Gerrymandering should not be allowed.	Candidates should not be selected by government.	US Electoral System
The US electoral system is the set of rules that determines how elections (the election of the President) are conducted.	US overseas regions have the right to vote at presidential elections.	Technology allows us to take place more in a democracy.	The election should be based on a national popular vote.	US Electoral System
the electoral college needs to be reevaluated	All regions that are part of the United States and are participants of the government should be allowed to vote.	All state should not use electoral system because its not the people's choice.	Electoral College vote system is not the best system.	US Electoral System
The system should consist of more than two parties.	The Electoral College is outdated.	The system gives too much importance to the social status of representatives.	Photo id's should be presented at the ballot in cases of new residency.	US Electoral System
All people should have right to vote.	The electoral college is limited due to a lack of diverse parties.	We should require a photo ID for every vote.	Gerrymandering should be unethical and penalized.	US Electoral System
We should have more than two big parties.	Require a photo ID for every vote	Election should be base on interest.	We must include all US residents.	US Electoral System
All US citizens should be able to vote.	Swing states seem to dominate votes via the electoral college system.	Both parties should be involved in determining electoral districts.	The electoral system makes voting unfair.	US Electoral System
All state should not use electoral system because its not the people's choice	Small states and swing states get more power through the current system.	The system gives too much importance to the social status	Popular vote should matter more in the US electoral system.	US Electoral System
Voter ID should be required to vote.	Having third parties would get more people to vote.	The Electoral System is too complicated and dissuades people from voting.	We can be proud how the voting results are determined in the USA.	US Electoral System
The counting of votes should be done in presence of all the people.	Media plays a role in the US Electoral System, and impacts all elections.	Changing electoral districts to better reflect societal distributions will benefit the electoral system.	Popular vote should never be used as a determining factor because it give total control of the country to large coastal states	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering is immoral and unethical although politically useful.	Swing states are no more important than other states in the current system.	Delegates should be appointed in a clear and well defined fashion.	It is difficult to send the vote information of the overseas	US Electoral System
Only U.S. citizens living in the 50 states should be allowed to vote.	We must include all US residents.	Electoral college facilitates a two-party system.	Candidates should not be selected by government	US Electoral System
The person a majority of Americans favor may not win in the current system.	The two parties are corrupt.	All people should have right to vote.	Free and easy IDs should be able to be obtained so that  photo ID can be implemented	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party who is setting the electoral districts.	People should have to have an id in order to vote.	Media plays a too big role in the US Electoral System and all elections.	the electoral college should not be as important	US Electoral System
All elections should be based on one vote only.	Popular vote should matter more in the US electoral system.	Swing states are no more important than other states	Election should be base on interest.	US Electoral System
Electoral College vote system is not the best system.	The Electoral college is not for overseas regions	The electors in the electoral college do not always vote for the candidate for which their state popularly voted.	All elections should be based on popular vote.	US Electoral System
Requiring photo ids to vote will place a burden on seniors, the poor, immigrants and lower socio economic groups.	We should have more than two big parties.	The electoral college protects minority interests.	US overseas regions have the right to vote at presidential elections.	US Electoral System
Swing states seem to dominate votes via the electoral college system.	The electoral system has to much power.	Swing states are given too much importance in the electoral college.	The electorial system is in place to make sure that high population areas do not make all the political decisions.	US Electoral System
A good electoral system puts us as a world example	Popular votes by the people should be the votes that determine the presidency	Gerrymandering can create an unfair advantage for one party.	It maintains balance in  popular sovereignty	US Electoral System
Those who use negative tactics to win in the US Elector System should be ashamed of themselves.	Requiring a photo id is a valid tool provided the accessibility of obtaining a photo id is not disproportionate based on racial or economic factors.	Foreign people should be allowed to vote if they are in the US for over a year.	Dont let celebrities run for elections.	US Electoral System
Election right should be open to all.	The electoral system are the ideals set forth in the U.S. Constitution.	The electoral college should not be more important than the majority vote.	The electoral college needs to be reevaluated.	US Electoral System
The counting of votes should be done in presence of all the people.	The electoral system should have more thought put into it.	All elections should be based on vote count only.	Money should not determine the political candidate.	US Electoral System
The people should elect there leader	Electoral college maintains balance in popular sovereignty.	Voter ID should be required to vote.	All us citizens should be considered fairly.	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering is immoral and unethical although politically useful.	The Electoral System is too complicated and dissuades people from voting.	The electoral system should be more transparent.	the electoral college should not be more important than the majority vote	US Electoral System
It is difficult to transfer the vote information of the overseas.	The electoral system must be fair.	All states should hold primaries on the same day.	The us citizens should have a database of all overseas citizens.	US Electoral System
Media plays a role in the US Electoral System, and impacts all elections.	The electors should do their job by voting for the candidate that got the popular vote.	No one outside the us should be allowed to vote for our president.	Small states and swing states get more power through the current system.	US Electoral System
requiring photo ids to vote will place a burden on seniors, the poor, immigrants and lower socio economic groups	Require a photo ID for every vote	The electoral college is a well tooled method of equalizing population swing in the united states with regard to voting impact.	The US Electoral System needs to be changed to more effectively represent individuals.	US Electoral System
people should choose their leader	The elections are the most important thing in American decisions	All US citizens should be able to vote.	The US electoral system is the set of rules that determines how elections (the election of the President) are conducted.	US Electoral System
Photo Id's can prevent voter fraud.	Voting for an independent candidate only ensures that the Republican will win.	Elections should be obased on popular vote	All states should adopt the popular vote.	US Electoral System
We should require a id for every vote	Everybody should have tolhe right to vote.	Small states and swing states get more power.	delegates should be appointed in a clear and well defined fashion	US Electoral System
Swing states are given too much importance in the electoral college	Compulsory voting should be implemented.	The electoral college should not be given too much priority	Photo id's should be presented at the ballot in cases of new residency.	US Electoral System
Popular vote should never be used as a determining factor because it give total control of the country to large coastal states.	Popular vote should never be used as a determining factor because it give total control of the country to large coastal states	All us citizens should be eligible to vote without discrimination.	Having third parties would get more people to vote.	US Electoral System
Both parties should be involved in determining electoral districts	All US citizens should have a right to vote no matter their location	States should do what they can to avoid voter fraud	Our good electoral system puts US as a world example.	US Electoral System
We should require a photo ID for every vote.	The popular vote would not be a better way to decide elections.	The outcome of the system should be the peoples will	Popular votes are by the people and should be the determinance of a president by the people for the people	US Electoral System
All state should not use electoral system because its not the people's choice.	The Electoral college does not cover overseas regions.	Requiring an ID to vote will make voting more difficult for people below the poverty line.	Electoral college directs more power to smaller states.	US Electoral System
Electoral college should be monitored for corruption.	The electoral college should be eliminated.	Compulsory voting should be implemented	All regions that are part of the United States and are participants of the government should be allowed to vote.	US Electoral System
US overseas regions should be allowed to vote.	Electoral system has a loophole that is being abused.	The electoral college is corrupt.	Election should be by ballot casting	US Electoral System
Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party that creates the district.	The voting age should be changed to 16.	Electoral college  directs more power to the states.	The system is archaic and needs to be updated.	US Electoral System
All territories are qualified to vote during the election.	There should be more than two parties.	The electoral college should not be as important at it is.	There should be a more secure identification system when voting	US Electoral System
We can be proud how the voting results are determined in the USA.	Gerrymandering should be unethical and penalized.	The Electoral College is outdated.	The US voting system is archaic	US Electoral System
The system gives too much importance to the social status of representatives.	Smaller states should have as much power as large states.	Popular vote is more accurathe than Electoral College.	The election should be based on a national popular vote.	US Electoral System
Candidates should not be selected by government.	Electoral system is unfair.	Free and easy IDs should be able to be obtained so that photo ID can be implemented.	Elections should be based on popular votes.	US Electoral System
Electoral college directs more power to the states.	Convicted felons who have completed their sentences should be allowed to vote.	Gerrymandering is unfair	All state should not use electoral system because its not the people's choice	US Electoral System
The electoral college should not be given too much priority.	Politicians have control over the electoral system, and have ways to tilt it in their favor.	Electoral system is unfair	It is always opportune for a better national operation.	US Electoral System
Swing states are too powerful.	We should require a id to vote.	No state should be allowed to award electoral votes on an all or nothing basis	No state should be allowed to award electoral votes on an all-or-nothing basis.	US Electoral System
The election should not be based on state votes.	The system gives too much importance to the social status	We should look at other contries to improve our system.	The electoral college system gives too much importance to swing states.	US Electoral System
You have to digitize and monitor live the votes.	These electors typically vote for the candidate for which their state popularly voted.	Photo id's should be presented to new citizens eligible to vote and those who have moved to different voting districts.	These are the ideals set forth in the U.S. Constitution.	US Electoral System
Technology allows us to take place more in a democracy.	The pepple should select the president not the electoral college.	Gerrymandering should not be allowed.	The US electoral system is the set of rules that determines how elections (the election of the President) are conducted	US Electoral System
Polls should not be announced during the election, because they can influence voting behavior.	Foreign people should not be allowed to vote	All people should have right to vote	The popular vote should beat the electoral vote.	US Electoral System
Electoral college protects minority.	The counting of votes should be done in presence of all the people	More than two parties would make the system more fair.	We should have online voting so physical booths are not manipulated.	US Electoral System
The people should elect there leader.	Popular votes are by the people and should be the determinance of a president by the people for the people.	The electoral college is limited due to a lack of diverse parties.	The US voting system is archaic.	US Electoral System
elections should be based on popular votes	Both parties should be involved in determining electoral districts.	Gerrymandering is a valid system.	The issue includes whether all US overseas regions should be allowed to vote.	US Electoral System
Employers should be required to close on election days so that their employees have enough time to vote.	Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party who is setting the electoral districts	The electoral system should be done different.	Convicted felons who have completed their sentences should be allowed to vote	US Electoral System
There must be a thorough review of the votes.	States should do what they can to avoid voter fraud.	Gerrymandering is unfair.	All US citizens should have a right to vote no matter their location.	US Electoral System
The people should have a say over the vote of the electoral	Changing electoral districts to better reflect societal distributions will benefit the electoral system.	The 2016 election was not hacked.	Voters should be required to be registered and with ID to vote on election day.	US Electoral System
There should be a more secure identification system when voting.	Photo id's should be presented in cases of new residency	Gerrymandering should be unethical and penalized	Popular votes by the people should be the votes that determine the presidency.	US Electoral System
the electoral college needs to be reevaluated	The voting age should be changed to 16	Thumb printing system should be used for votes.	The system should consist of more than two parties.	US Electoral System
There needs to be a buffer between population and the selection of a President.	Electoral college is too complicated and dissuades people from voting.	Election should be by ballot casting.	All elections should be based on popular vote	US Electoral System
The Electoral System does not properly match representation of constituents.	Swing states seem to dominate votes via the electoral college system	The electoral system needs to be revised.	The people should have a say over the vote of the electoral college.	US Electoral System
The elections are rigged.	US should start abolishing electoral voting system.	The elections are the most important thing in American decisions.	The electoral system makes voting unfair.	US Electoral System
Regime change in the Middle East leads to bigger problems.	Usa's engagement in middle east is not a public interest topic.	USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West.	The U.S. should not accept any Muslim refugees.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The Us should try to protect themselve.	Troops should not be sent to the Middle East.	ISIS must be destroyed at all cost.	US Engagement in the middle east has also helped some people in the middle east.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Usa's intervention in middle east can bring a disaster.	The war with Iraq was pointless and very costly.	President Trump should not provide a timeline for troops but should not increase troops.	America should not engage with the middle east.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Sending troops is not helpful if we are not wanted there.	We cannot make any irrational decisions about US Engagement in the middle east.	Us should withdraw troops from middle east.	The war in the middle east wastes military resources.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should support humanitarian groups in the middle East.	The US should not interfere in the politics of the Middle East.	The U.S. should not favor Israel over Palestine.	USA had to protect their allies.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Americans should not send groud troops to the middle east.	Sending troops to the Middle East does not prevent terrorism.	Iraq posses no threat to United states.	USA interference in the middle east will only cause north koreea creating new measures of war.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US should stop engaging middle east conflict.	The USA should not send any military to Iraq.	The ongoing conflict in the Middle East justifies United States assistance.	There are many mixed feelings about US Engagement in the middle east.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The terrorists will attack united state as a consequence of interference.	US should support the middle east with more resources to prevent terrorism.	War in the Middle East creates more terrorism.	Unfortunately trying to help has caused disdain for the West.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US has to participate in the Middle East to monitor and prevent terrorism.	Inclusion with warring in other countries does turn our friends foe into ours.	As a political super power the USA should use it's power to protect itself and allies from the Middle East.	The US has to show strength in the Middle East to prevent terrorism.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Withholding funds to Palestinian National Authority prevents anti-Semitism.	US should leave Iraq.	It is our duty to spread Western ideals to the Middle East.	Aiding in trying to secure lives in Iraq is worth the cost of helping them.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US must stop aiding Israel to avoid conflict with other middle eastern countries.	America  should deal with the problems in their own country before interfering int he Middle East.	The war in Iraq was worth the costs.	The U.S. has interferred in issues unrelated to us and we have been informed that we are not wanted.	US Engagement in the Middle East
ISIS is a direct result of the US involvement in the Middle East.	US should not interfere Palestinian fight with Israel.	Because of engagement in the middle east US credibility is on the line.	The US should leave the middle east alone.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US needs to let the Middle East solve its own problems.	US waste millions everyday in a struggling economy.	US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism and Islamic racism.	Eliminate as many weapons of mass destruction as possible.	US Engagement in the Middle East
USA has the right to bomb ISIS.	Usa's intervention in middle east should be discussed with the Country before act.	The US should prevent Rusia to support the syrian dictator.	US participation in the Middle East can open more diplomacy opportunities.	US Engagement in the Middle East
War in Middle East is too expensive for the US.	US interference in the middle east has hurt US economically.	Middle East should be left alone.	War in Iraq is not worth it.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Us engagement in the middle east is controversial in the world and brings a lot of hatred and anti US sentiment to the US.	The war in the Middle East is about oil.	The war in Iraq was a war for oil not bad intelligence.	The US should focus on what is good for the middle East not what is good for us.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Engaging in the Middle East only fuels terrorism.	The war in Iraq was not worth the financial burden placed on the US economy.	The United States is in a place of power to help resolve problems in the Middle East.	It is important to protect oil producers in the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Middle Eastern people are the same as United States citizens.	The military should be sent home from the middle east.	USA is engaging in the middle east because they are alies with saudi arabia.	US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Acceptance of differences in Middle Eastern cultures is paramount in resolving current conflict.	The u.s. should not 'take sides' in middle east conflicts.	Iraq was better off before the u.s. invaded and took down hussein.	It is needed to send more troops to syria.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Us engagement in the middle east will help keep terrorist cells from growing.	America's involvement in the Middle East has lead to increased terrorism.	War with Syria is imminent.	Stop spending money in other countries and spend it in our own.	US Engagement in the Middle East
America should not send ground troops to the middle east.	US cannot be in isolation.	Us engagement in the middle east will assist legitimate governments from being overrun by terrorist.	Before any compromise there must be a correct dialogue.	US Engagement in the Middle East
United States must seek more potential allies.	The U.S. should take an isolationist approach and not engage.	US should protect America against terrorism.	If Israel did not exist it would solve all of the problems in the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The USA has the military force to intervene in the Middle East so they should use it.	We must show we are strong.	We must contain Iran.	The US needs to stay away from the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US shouldn't bother those people.	US Engagement in the middle east needs to be carefully addressed.	US interference in the middle East has done a lot to destabilize the region.	Terrorist are dominating the middle East since the war.	US Engagement in the Middle East
It is sensible to withhold funding from groups that go against our country's moral such as anti-semitism.	The war in Iraq is wasting money.	U.s. military engagement in the middle east is increasing the threat of terrorism.	US alies US capabilities to get trained against terrorists.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The american public will not support further military engagement in the middle east.	America should not send troops to the middle east.	American should stop the dispute in the middle east.	Those in the Middle East feel the US has butted in where it doesn't belong.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should try to keep themselves safe.	US has to take the lead in global leadership.	The US should not engage in further warfare in the Middle East.	They should fulfill their commitments to peace and harmony.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The USA should be concerned with terrorists entering the usa.	US is not the police of the world.	The US should always support Israel.	Us engagement in the middle east will help legitimate governments prevail.	US Engagement in the Middle East
ISIS operations should be reduce by a more powerful force.	Middle east countries should be allowed to determine their own future.	Forcing beliefs on established Middle East cultures will only cause negative reactions.	All Muslims should be regarded as terrorists.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The war in Iraq was not worth the cost of human life.	US needs to strengthen its allies in the Middle East.	The Iraq war has cost too many American lives.	Sending troops to the Middle East causes more problems than it solves.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The war is not helping anybody middle east nor america.	The US needs to take a hard stand on terrorism.	United States must avoid the least action that leads to war.	The US should pull out of the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The war in Iraq was started under false pretenses.	The Iraq war is proof that the US should stay away from the Middle East.	The US should continue to conduct humanitarian efforts in the Middle East.	United States must prove to be a strong power.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Most of the US attacks in the Middle East harm civilians more than terrorists.	The US needs to show its support for Israel by moving its embassy to Jerusalem. It would make a big statement to the world .	The USA is doing more more harm than good in the middle east by harming innocent civilians.	United States should maximize.	US Engagement in the Middle East
We must spread democracy to the Middle East.	Reducing ISIS activity is a responsibility of the Us.	Terrorist groups must be stopped at all costs by the US and its allies combined.	If lives can be saved then our assistance in Iraq is warranted.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should worry about their problems first.	Not every middle eastern is a terrorist.	US has to participate in the Middle East to monitor and prevent terrorism.	Acceptance of differences in Middle Eastern cultures is paramount in resolving current conflict.	US Engagement in the Middle East
War in Iraq is not worth it.	ISIS operations should be reduce by a more powerful force.	The US should focus on what is good for the middle East not what is good for us.	Eliminate as many weapons of mass destruction as possible.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The war is not helping anybody middle east nor america.	Sending troops to the Middle East does not prevent terrorism.	US participation in the Middle East can open more diplomacy opportunities.	Withholding funds to Palestinian National Authority prevents anti-Semitism.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US interference in the middle east has hurt US economically.	Sending troops to the Middle East causes more problems than it solves.	ISIS must be destroyed at all cost.	US waste millions everyday in a struggling economy.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US needs to let the Middle East solve its own problems.	Engaging in the Middle East only fuels terrorism.	The U.S. should take an isolationist approach and not engage.	America should not send ground troops to the middle east.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US needs to take a hard stand on terrorism.	The war in Iraq was worth the costs.	US should leave Iraq.	Us engagement in the middle east will help legitimate governments prevail.	US Engagement in the Middle East
United States must avoid the least action that leads to war.	The US should try to keep themselves safe.	If Israel did not exist it would solve all of the problems in the Middle East.	The US should always support Israel.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Stop spending money in other countries and spend it in our own.	The US should support humanitarian groups in the middle East.	The terrorists will attack united state as a consequence of interference.	Usa's intervention in middle east should be discussed with the Country before act.	US Engagement in the Middle East
America should not engage with the middle east.	The Us should try to protect themselve.	It is sensible to withhold funding from groups that go against our country's moral such as anti-semitism.	America  should deal with the problems in their own country before interfering int he Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Middle east countries should be allowed to determine their own future.	Us engagement in the middle east is controversial in the world and brings a lot of hatred and anti US sentiment to the US.	The american public will not support further military engagement in the middle east.	The US should continue to conduct humanitarian efforts in the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
We cannot make any irrational decisions about US Engagement in the middle east.	War with Syria is imminent.	The USA should not send any military to Iraq.	Usa's engagement in middle east is not a public interest topic.	US Engagement in the Middle East
America should not send troops to the middle east.	Us should withdraw troops from middle east.	United States must prove to be a strong power.	The war in Iraq was a war for oil not bad intelligence.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US should not interfere Palestinian fight with Israel.	The ongoing conflict in the Middle East justifies United States assistance.	Middle Eastern people are the same as United States citizens.	Americans should not send groud troops to the middle east.	US Engagement in the Middle East
We must contain Iran.	Unfortunately trying to help has caused disdain for the West.	US should stop engaging middle east conflict.	Usa's intervention in middle east can bring a disaster.	US Engagement in the Middle East
USA interference in the middle east will only cause north koreea creating new measures of war.	The U.S. has interferred in issues unrelated to us and we have been informed that we are not wanted.	The U.S. should not favor Israel over Palestine.	The US should prevent Rusia to support the syrian dictator.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should not interfere in the politics of the Middle East.	There are many mixed feelings about US Engagement in the middle east.	Regime change in the Middle East leads to bigger problems.	We must spread democracy to the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
War in Middle East is too expensive for the US.	They should fulfill their commitments to peace and harmony.	US must stop aiding Israel to avoid conflict with other middle eastern countries.	US interference in the middle East has done a lot to destabilize the region.	US Engagement in the Middle East
If lives can be saved then our assistance in Iraq is warranted.	The USA is doing more more harm than good in the middle east by harming innocent civilians.	USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West.	All Muslims should be regarded as terrorists.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism and Islamic racism.	US has to take the lead in global leadership.	Terrorist are dominating the middle East since the war.	President Trump should not provide a timeline for troops but should not increase troops.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should leave the middle east alone.	The war in Iraq was started under false pretenses.	Sending troops is not helpful if we are not wanted there.	The United States is in a place of power to help resolve problems in the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
We must show we are strong.	Before any compromise there must be a correct dialogue.	Forcing beliefs on established Middle East cultures will only cause negative reactions.	US alies US capabilities to get trained against terrorists.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The war in the middle east wastes military resources.	The U.S. should not accept any Muslim refugees.	US Engagement in the middle east needs to be carefully addressed.	US should support the middle east with more resources to prevent terrorism.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US should protect America against terrorism.	US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism.	The US should pull out of the Middle East.	The US needs to show its support for Israel by moving its embassy to Jerusalem. It would make a big statement to the world .	US Engagement in the Middle East
Not every middle eastern is a terrorist.	The war in Iraq was not worth the financial burden placed on the US economy.	Because of engagement in the middle east US credibility is on the line.	United States should maximize.	US Engagement in the Middle East
War in the Middle East creates more terrorism.	The US has to show strength in the Middle East to prevent terrorism.	US cannot be in isolation.	USA has the right to bomb ISIS.	US Engagement in the Middle East
USA is engaging in the middle east because they are alies with saudi arabia.	The war in the Middle East is about oil.	Terrorist groups must be stopped at all costs by the US and its allies combined.	US Engagement in the middle east has also helped some people in the middle east.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The military should be sent home from the middle east.	The war with Iraq was pointless and very costly.	As a political super power the USA should use it's power to protect itself and allies from the Middle East.	It is our duty to spread Western ideals to the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should worry about their problems first.	The US needs to stay away from the Middle East.	ISIS is a direct result of the US involvement in the Middle East.	Us engagement in the middle east will assist legitimate governments from being overrun by terrorist.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US shouldn't bother those people.	The u.s. should not 'take sides' in middle east conflicts.	U.s. military engagement in the middle east is increasing the threat of terrorism.	Troops should not be sent to the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
It is needed to send more troops to syria.	The Iraq war is proof that the US should stay away from the Middle East.	The USA should be concerned with terrorists entering the usa.	The US should not engage in further warfare in the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The war in Iraq is wasting money.	American should stop the dispute in the middle east.	Iraq posses no threat to United states.	America's involvement in the Middle East has lead to increased terrorism.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Aiding in trying to secure lives in Iraq is worth the cost of helping them.	US is not the police of the world.	The Iraq war has cost too many American lives.	Middle East should be left alone.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The USA has the military force to intervene in the Middle East so they should use it.	Reducing ISIS activity is a responsibility of the Us.	Inclusion with warring in other countries does turn our friends foe into ours.	It is important to protect oil producers in the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Iraq was better off before the u.s. invaded and took down hussein.	Most of the US attacks in the Middle East harm civilians more than terrorists.	Us engagement in the middle east will help keep terrorist cells from growing.	The war in Iraq was not worth the cost of human life.	US Engagement in the Middle East
USA had to protect their allies.	US needs to strengthen its allies in the Middle East.	United States must seek more potential allies.	Those in the Middle East feel the US has butted in where it doesn't belong.	US Engagement in the Middle East
If lives can be saved then our assistance in Iraq is warranted.	Terrorist are dominating the middle East since the war.	USA has the right to bomb ISIS.	The war in the Middle East is about oil.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US needs to show its support for Israel by moving its embassy to Jerusalem. It would make a big statement to the world .	Sending troops to the Middle East causes more problems than it solves.	US has to take the lead in global leadership.	Usa's engagement in middle east is not a public interest topic.	US Engagement in the Middle East
USA had to protect their allies.	The war in Iraq was worth the costs.	Us engagement in the middle east will help keep terrorist cells from growing.	It is our duty to spread Western ideals to the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US needs to take a hard stand on terrorism.	America's involvement in the Middle East has lead to increased terrorism.	There are many mixed feelings about US Engagement in the middle east.	The terrorists will attack united state as a consequence of interference.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Usa's intervention in middle east should be discussed with the Country before act.	The US has to show strength in the Middle East to prevent terrorism.	Acceptance of differences in Middle Eastern cultures is paramount in resolving current conflict.	We must show we are strong.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The Iraq war is proof that the US should stay away from the Middle East.	America  should deal with the problems in their own country before interfering int he Middle East.	The USA is doing more more harm than good in the middle east by harming innocent civilians.	Before any compromise there must be a correct dialogue.	US Engagement in the Middle East
America should not send ground troops to the middle east.	Forcing beliefs on established Middle East cultures will only cause negative reactions.	We cannot make any irrational decisions about US Engagement in the middle east.	United States must prove to be a strong power.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The war in Iraq was not worth the financial burden placed on the US economy.	We must contain Iran.	US should support the middle east with more resources to prevent terrorism.	The war is not helping anybody middle east nor america.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US should not interfere Palestinian fight with Israel.	United States should maximize.	The US should focus on what is good for the middle East not what is good for us.	The US should try to keep themselves safe.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The war in Iraq was started under false pretenses.	Those in the Middle East feel the US has butted in where it doesn't belong.	ISIS operations should be reduce by a more powerful force.	Middle Eastern people are the same as United States citizens.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Regime change in the Middle East leads to bigger problems.	The US should not engage in further warfare in the Middle East.	US waste millions everyday in a struggling economy.	The US should leave the middle east alone.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The war in Iraq is wasting money.	Eliminate as many weapons of mass destruction as possible.	Us engagement in the middle east will assist legitimate governments from being overrun by terrorist.	The Us should try to protect themselve.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Most of the US attacks in the Middle East harm civilians more than terrorists.	The u.s. should not 'take sides' in middle east conflicts.	The american public will not support further military engagement in the middle east.	The US shouldn't bother those people.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should always support Israel.	Aiding in trying to secure lives in Iraq is worth the cost of helping them.	Withholding funds to Palestinian National Authority prevents anti-Semitism.	The USA should be concerned with terrorists entering the usa.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Usa's intervention in middle east can bring a disaster.	US alies US capabilities to get trained against terrorists.	War in the Middle East creates more terrorism.	The USA should not send any military to Iraq.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The U.S. has interferred in issues unrelated to us and we have been informed that we are not wanted.	The US should pull out of the Middle East.	US should protect America against terrorism.	America should not engage with the middle east.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should worry about their problems first.	US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism.	The US should not interfere in the politics of the Middle East.	The US needs to let the Middle East solve its own problems.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The military should be sent home from the middle east.	The war in Iraq was not worth the cost of human life.	It is needed to send more troops to syria.	Sending troops to the Middle East does not prevent terrorism.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US needs to strengthen its allies in the Middle East.	All Muslims should be regarded as terrorists.	Us should withdraw troops from middle east.	The US needs to stay away from the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should support humanitarian groups in the middle East.	Engaging in the Middle East only fuels terrorism.	U.s. military engagement in the middle east is increasing the threat of terrorism.	Us engagement in the middle east will help legitimate governments prevail.	US Engagement in the Middle East
They should fulfill their commitments to peace and harmony.	The USA has the military force to intervene in the Middle East so they should use it.	Terrorist groups must be stopped at all costs by the US and its allies combined.	The war with Iraq was pointless and very costly.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The U.S. should not accept any Muslim refugees.	Inclusion with warring in other countries does turn our friends foe into ours.	US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism and Islamic racism.	Troops should not be sent to the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
War with Syria is imminent.	The US should prevent Rusia to support the syrian dictator.	US interference in the middle east has hurt US economically.	Sending troops is not helpful if we are not wanted there.	US Engagement in the Middle East
American should stop the dispute in the middle east.	US Engagement in the middle east needs to be carefully addressed.	The US should continue to conduct humanitarian efforts in the Middle East.	Middle East should be left alone.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US should stop engaging middle east conflict.	USA interference in the middle east will only cause north koreea creating new measures of war.	United States must seek more potential allies.	Because of engagement in the middle east US credibility is on the line.	US Engagement in the Middle East
War in Middle East is too expensive for the US.	Reducing ISIS activity is a responsibility of the Us.	Unfortunately trying to help has caused disdain for the West.	It is sensible to withhold funding from groups that go against our country's moral such as anti-semitism.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US interference in the middle East has done a lot to destabilize the region.	Us engagement in the middle east is controversial in the world and brings a lot of hatred and anti US sentiment to the US.	The Iraq war has cost too many American lives.	The war in Iraq was a war for oil not bad intelligence.	US Engagement in the Middle East
It is important to protect oil producers in the Middle East.	The U.S. should not favor Israel over Palestine.	USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West.	ISIS must be destroyed at all cost.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The United States is in a place of power to help resolve problems in the Middle East.	US should leave Iraq.	The U.S. should take an isolationist approach and not engage.	War in Iraq is not worth it.	US Engagement in the Middle East
ISIS is a direct result of the US involvement in the Middle East.	Iraq posses no threat to United states.	US must stop aiding Israel to avoid conflict with other middle eastern countries.	The ongoing conflict in the Middle East justifies United States assistance.	US Engagement in the Middle East
As a political super power the USA should use it's power to protect itself and allies from the Middle East.	President Trump should not provide a timeline for troops but should not increase troops.	Not every middle eastern is a terrorist.	Middle east countries should be allowed to determine their own future.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US participation in the Middle East can open more diplomacy opportunities.	US cannot be in isolation.	Iraq was better off before the u.s. invaded and took down hussein.	We must spread democracy to the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US Engagement in the middle east has also helped some people in the middle east.	USA is engaging in the middle east because they are alies with saudi arabia.	The war in the middle east wastes military resources.	United States must avoid the least action that leads to war.	US Engagement in the Middle East
If Israel did not exist it would solve all of the problems in the Middle East.	US is not the police of the world.	Stop spending money in other countries and spend it in our own.	America should not send troops to the middle east.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Americans should not send groud troops to the middle east.	US has to participate in the Middle East to monitor and prevent terrorism.	The US needs to take a hard stand on terrorism.	The US should prevent Rusia to support the syrian dictator.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Sending troops to the Middle East does not prevent terrorism.	US alies US capabilities to get trained against terrorists.	The war in Iraq was worth the costs.	The ongoing conflict in the Middle East justifies United States assistance.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The U.S. has interferred in issues unrelated to us and we have been informed that we are not wanted.	The USA has the military force to intervene in the Middle East so they should use it.	ISIS operations should be reduce by a more powerful force.	ISIS is a direct result of the US involvement in the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
It is important to protect oil producers in the Middle East.	Usa's intervention in middle east should be discussed with the Country before act.	All Muslims should be regarded as terrorists.	Terrorist are dominating the middle East since the war.	US Engagement in the Middle East
United States must seek more potential allies.	The USA is doing more more harm than good in the middle east by harming innocent civilians.	USA is engaging in the middle east because they are alies with saudi arabia.	Forcing beliefs on established Middle East cultures will only cause negative reactions.	US Engagement in the Middle East
It is sensible to withhold funding from groups that go against our country's moral such as anti-semitism.	Iraq was better off before the u.s. invaded and took down hussein.	Stop spending money in other countries and spend it in our own.	It is our duty to spread Western ideals to the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
War in the Middle East creates more terrorism.	It is needed to send more troops to syria.	US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism.	Middle east countries should be allowed to determine their own future.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US should support the middle east with more resources to prevent terrorism.	The war in Iraq is wasting money.	Us engagement in the middle east will help legitimate governments prevail.	The war in the Middle East is about oil.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Us engagement in the middle east is controversial in the world and brings a lot of hatred and anti US sentiment to the US.	We must contain Iran.	Usa's engagement in middle east is not a public interest topic.	The USA should be concerned with terrorists entering the usa.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The military should be sent home from the middle east.	The US should support humanitarian groups in the middle East.	Withholding funds to Palestinian National Authority prevents anti-Semitism.	The US needs to show its support for Israel by moving its embassy to Jerusalem. It would make a big statement to the world .	US Engagement in the Middle East
The terrorists will attack united state as a consequence of interference.	US interference in the middle east has hurt US economically.	United States must avoid the least action that leads to war.	US cannot be in isolation.	US Engagement in the Middle East
United States must prove to be a strong power.	We cannot make any irrational decisions about US Engagement in the middle east.	The US should not engage in further warfare in the Middle East.	Terrorist groups must be stopped at all costs by the US and its allies combined.	US Engagement in the Middle East
America should not send ground troops to the middle east.	U.s. military engagement in the middle east is increasing the threat of terrorism.	The Iraq war has cost too many American lives.	The war in Iraq was not worth the financial burden placed on the US economy.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should continue to conduct humanitarian efforts in the Middle East.	If Israel did not exist it would solve all of the problems in the Middle East.	America  should deal with the problems in their own country before interfering int he Middle East.	Us engagement in the middle east will help keep terrorist cells from growing.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US needs to strengthen its allies in the Middle East.	ISIS must be destroyed at all cost.	The war in the middle east wastes military resources.	US Engagement in the middle east needs to be carefully addressed.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should pull out of the Middle East.	Eliminate as many weapons of mass destruction as possible.	The US should worry about their problems first.	US is not the police of the world.	US Engagement in the Middle East
As a political super power the USA should use it's power to protect itself and allies from the Middle East.	There are many mixed feelings about US Engagement in the middle east.	Not every middle eastern is a terrorist.	US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism and Islamic racism.	US Engagement in the Middle East
America should not engage with the middle east.	US Engagement in the middle east has also helped some people in the middle east.	US participation in the Middle East can open more diplomacy opportunities.	USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Sending troops to the Middle East causes more problems than it solves.	Regime change in the Middle East leads to bigger problems.	The american public will not support further military engagement in the middle east.	The U.S. should not favor Israel over Palestine.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Iraq posses no threat to United states.	US should leave Iraq.	USA had to protect their allies.	The US should focus on what is good for the middle East not what is good for us.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Before any compromise there must be a correct dialogue.	Sending troops is not helpful if we are not wanted there.	Those in the Middle East feel the US has butted in where it doesn't belong.	War with Syria is imminent.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Us should withdraw troops from middle east.	US must stop aiding Israel to avoid conflict with other middle eastern countries.	If lives can be saved then our assistance in Iraq is warranted.	US interference in the middle East has done a lot to destabilize the region.	US Engagement in the Middle East
USA interference in the middle east will only cause north koreea creating new measures of war.	Usa's intervention in middle east can bring a disaster.	The war in Iraq was started under false pretenses.	Engaging in the Middle East only fuels terrorism.	US Engagement in the Middle East
America's involvement in the Middle East has lead to increased terrorism.	America should not send troops to the middle east.	The U.S. should take an isolationist approach and not engage.	The war with Iraq was pointless and very costly.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US has to show strength in the Middle East to prevent terrorism.	The war is not helping anybody middle east nor america.	The US should not interfere in the politics of the Middle East.	The u.s. should not 'take sides' in middle east conflicts.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US should protect America against terrorism.	USA has the right to bomb ISIS.	The Us should try to protect themselve.	The US needs to stay away from the Middle East.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Reducing ISIS activity is a responsibility of the Us.	The U.S. should not accept any Muslim refugees.	We must show we are strong.	The US needs to let the Middle East solve its own problems.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should leave the middle east alone.	The United States is in a place of power to help resolve problems in the Middle East.	Unfortunately trying to help has caused disdain for the West.	United States should maximize.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US should not interfere Palestinian fight with Israel.	The US shouldn't bother those people.	US should stop engaging middle east conflict.	The war in Iraq was a war for oil not bad intelligence.	US Engagement in the Middle East
The US should always support Israel.	Inclusion with warring in other countries does turn our friends foe into ours.	War in Middle East is too expensive for the US.	The USA should not send any military to Iraq.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Americans should not send groud troops to the middle east.	Because of engagement in the middle east US credibility is on the line.	Aiding in trying to secure lives in Iraq is worth the cost of helping them.	Most of the US attacks in the Middle East harm civilians more than terrorists.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Middle Eastern people are the same as United States citizens.	US has to participate in the Middle East to monitor and prevent terrorism.	We must spread democracy to the Middle East.	War in Iraq is not worth it.	US Engagement in the Middle East
US has to take the lead in global leadership.	The war in Iraq was not worth the cost of human life.	The Iraq war is proof that the US should stay away from the Middle East.	US waste millions everyday in a struggling economy.	US Engagement in the Middle East
They should fulfill their commitments to peace and harmony.	American should stop the dispute in the middle east.	Troops should not be sent to the Middle East.	Middle East should be left alone.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Us engagement in the middle east will assist legitimate governments from being overrun by terrorist.	Acceptance of differences in Middle Eastern cultures is paramount in resolving current conflict.	President Trump should not provide a timeline for troops but should not increase troops.	The US should try to keep themselves safe.	US Engagement in the Middle East
Immigration should be limited.	Some immigrants come seeking better education and they should not be deprived.	European countries are experiencing problems with refugee immigrants.	Come to the US through legal channels or don't come at all.	US Immigration
Immigrants should be treated better at the borders.	Inclusion should be facilitated for immigrants.	Immigrants are willing to do work that most Americans don't want to do, at a lower cost to the employer.	America should focus on its own citizens before other countries citizens.	US Immigration
Immigrants provide a valuable diversity.	All immigrants should have a detailed background check.	Legal immigration provides increased diversity.	Immigrants have a postivie impact on the economy.	US Immigration
US comprise of immigrant eversince.	People from other countries should fix the problems in their own country, rather than move to another country.	Elevate refugee immigration to the US; they deserve a safe haven.	Congress should immediately fund Trump's wall.	US Immigration
Work visas to skilled professionals should be temporary in nature.	Immigrants are needed to make up for aging populations.	Immigration takes opportunities away from those born in the usa.	Immigration shouldn't be more important than security.	US Immigration
Background checks must be performed on immigrants.	Immigrants helps boost US economy.	Immigrants should come into the US legally only.	Immigrants should be able to come to the USA for better opportunities.	US Immigration
Allowing people to becoming legal citizens should be first step in revising the immigration system.	Refugees should be helped.	The US must be responsible to their own citizens first.	All inmigrants should have the right to vote in the American elections.	US Immigration
Immigrants should be treated like citizens of the country.	The immigration program needs to be reformed.	Immigration must be regularized.	Immigration should be legal and orderly.	US Immigration
Immigrants have a right to be protected.	All immigrants should learn American English.	The US has the right to exclude of certain groups from entering.	Immigration is what made us what it is today.	US Immigration
Deporting these illegal immigrants can cost the government afortune so it is better to let them stay.	US immigration helps the economy.	Diversity is something that a lot of companies value.	Illegal immigration should not be allowed and be enforced.	US Immigration
Immigrants are more often criminals.	Immigrants take work no one else wants.	Most immigrants pay taxes.	Immigrants are good for US.	US Immigration
Immigration into the USA should be elevated.	Immigrant will stimulate the economy and enhance America's wealth.	Some immigrants possess important skills that our country needs.	Muslim immigrants can be dangerous.	US Immigration
Immigration increases terrorist activity.	Bans against immigration are really just fronts for prejudice.	Low cost workers come from Inmigration.	We are all migrants.	US Immigration
The United States is already fully populated, so immigration should be restricted.	We should stop foreigners taking advantage of us.	Illegal immigration should be banned.	Visas should only be issued to students and workers.	US Immigration
Immigrants create multiculturalism.	Immigrants who commit a serious crime should be permanently expelled.	Legal immigrants contribute to society.	We are all the descendants of immigrants.	US Immigration
People immigrating from other countries should be loyal to america if they are living here.	When a person immigrates to a new country they can assume new nationality with their new country.	Immigration should be controlled to prevent overcrowding in the USA.	Legal immigration has brought some great scientists to the United States.	US Immigration
Legal status would boost the economy.	Immigrants are known for working cheaper.	Immigrants bring positive things to the country.	Undocumented aliens contribute to a richer culture and biodiversity.	US Immigration
Only children who have one parent who is a US citizen should be granted citizenship.	A decrease in population due to aging and death can be regained from an immigrant population including refugees.	Undocumented aliens are willing to take all kinds of jobs.	US should hire skilled immigrants.	US Immigration
Inmigration have a positive impact in the rise of economy.	Immigrants visas should be constantly evaluated and revised.	Immigrants are bad for the US.	Allowing immigrants into the country makes for a more skilled labor force.	US Immigration
Immigrants must pass certain background checks including crime record.	Immigration provides cultural growth.	Not everyone must be elegible for Immigration.	Immigration built the US.	US Immigration
We need an immigration reform that focuses on enforcement and upholding the rule of law.	States must be responsible to their own citizens first.	Immigration does not change national identity of a country built on immigrants.	Immigration should be elevated because it brings the best brains to the economity.	US Immigration
Our country was founded o the principle of encouraging immigration.	Inmigration have a positive impact on diplomatic relationships.	All illegal immigrants should be deported back to their home country.	Immigrants are better workers tha US workers.	US Immigration
The government has to destinate some fund to help immigrants.	Immigrant will strengthen our national security.	Legal immigration should be promoted.	At times they help in the progress of the country.	US Immigration
States should focus on their own people first.	America should invite all people that need help.	Our national and economic security depend on requiring people who are living and working here illegally to come forward and get right with the law.	States should be in control of determining the allowance of immigrants into their domain and the care that may be necessary.	US Immigration
Illegal immigration is born from the difficulty of emigrating.	There are immigrants who make great collaborations with the country.	There should be a way that illegal immigrants can become legalized.	Increased diversity results in a better America.	US Immigration
Paths to legal immigration should be simplified.	The USA immigration is best best way to repair the economy.	Skilled migration workers are needed.	Legal immigration is important for low paying jobs that Americans do not want.	US Immigration
We must secure our borders.	States must be responsible for everyone present, not just citizens.	The government must set and enforce stricter rules about immigration.	Migrant workers contribute to our economy via business ventures and as employees.	US Immigration
Immigrants are what makes this country what it is.	Immigration makes US more attractive to tourists.	It's in the public interest to acknowledge that refugees cause harm.	Immigration has always been a part of america.	US Immigration
A person in need should not be denied help and life regardless of where they are from.	Immigrants are good for US economy.	Immigrants contribute to the work force when they come to the country the right way.	Illegal immigrants take jobs away from Americans.	US Immigration
A time limit must be approved for immigrants.	We need to limit the amount of refugees allowed.	Multiculturalism is desirable.	Migrants have a positive impact on the economy.	US Immigration
The U.S. is a melting pot of cultures.	As long as immigrants get to remain in the United States legally, they will have jumped ahead of those in their home countries who are attempting legal entry.	We should take hard measures to enforce immigration laws.	All immigrants should be legal.	US Immigration
Immigration changes national identity in a bad way.	The country must monitor the borders.	Legal immigration levels should remain the same.	High skilled migrants take jobs from US workers.	US Immigration
Immigrants have a positive impact in the economy.	Immigration needs to be done legally only.	Skilled migration workers are needed.	Our national and economic security depend on requiring people who are living and working here illegally to come forward and get right with the law.	US Immigration
There should be a way that illegal immigrants can become legalized.	Bans against immigration are really just fronts for prejudice.	Undocumented aliens contribute to a richer culture and biodiversity.	The immigration program needs to be reformed.	US Immigration
Immigration should be controlled to prevent overcrowding in the USA.	The US has the right to exclude of certain groups from entering.	Refugees should be helped.	As long as immigrants get to remain in the United States legally, they will have jumped ahead of those in their home countries who are attempting legal entry.	US Immigration
All inmigrants should have the right to vote in the American elections.	Immigration takes opportunities away from those born in the usa.	Migrant workers contribute to our economy via business ventures and as employees.	Paths to legal immigration should be simplified.	US Immigration
Immigrant will strengthen our national security.	Immigrants should be treated like citizens of the country.	When a person immigrates to a new country they can assume new nationality with their new country.	We need to limit the amount of refugees allowed.	US Immigration
Immigrants take work no one else wants.	Immigrants are more often criminals.	America should invite all people that need help.	Immigrants create multiculturalism.	US Immigration
Migrants have a positive impact on the economy.	Congress should immediately fund Trump's wall.	Legal immigration levels should remain the same.	The USA immigration is best best way to repair the economy.	US Immigration
Immigrants should be treated better at the borders.	A decrease in population due to aging and death can be regained from an immigrant population including refugees.	There are immigrants who make great collaborations with the country.	Immigrants are better workers tha US workers.	US Immigration
Visas should only be issued to students and workers.	We are all the descendants of immigrants.	States must be responsible to their own citizens first.	The country must monitor the borders.	US Immigration
We should stop foreigners taking advantage of us.	We must secure our borders.	Some immigrants possess important skills that our country needs.	States should be in control of determining the allowance of immigrants into their domain and the care that may be necessary.	US Immigration
Illegal immigration should be banned.	Immigrants are needed to make up for aging populations.	Immigrants must pass certain background checks including crime record.	Immigrants provide a valuable diversity.	US Immigration
Muslim immigrants can be dangerous.	Only children who have one parent who is a US citizen should be granted citizenship.	US comprise of immigrant eversince.	Increased diversity results in a better America.	US Immigration
Immigrants who commit a serious crime should be permanently expelled.	Immigrants are what makes this country what it is.	Immigration should be elevated because it brings the best brains to the economity.	States must be responsible for everyone present, not just citizens.	US Immigration
Immigrants are bad for the US.	Immigrants should be able to come to the USA for better opportunities.	Legal immigration should be promoted.	Immigrants are good for US economy.	US Immigration
America should focus on its own citizens before other countries citizens.	Legal immigration has brought some great scientists to the United States.	Allowing immigrants into the country makes for a more skilled labor force.	Immigrant will stimulate the economy and enhance America's wealth.	US Immigration
Immigrants have a postivie impact on the economy.	We are all migrants.	Undocumented aliens are willing to take all kinds of jobs.	European countries are experiencing problems with refugee immigrants.	US Immigration
Legal immigration provides increased diversity.	Immigration should be legal and orderly.	The United States is already fully populated, so immigration should be restricted.	Immigration does not change national identity of a country built on immigrants.	US Immigration
Inmigration have a positive impact in the rise of economy.	Immigrants helps boost US economy.	Inmigration have a positive impact on diplomatic relationships.	We need an immigration reform that focuses on enforcement and upholding the rule of law.	US Immigration
Immigrants are willing to do work that most Americans don't want to do, at a lower cost to the employer.	Multiculturalism is desirable.	Immigrants have a right to be protected.	At times they help in the progress of the country.	US Immigration
Immigration makes US more attractive to tourists.	Immigrants visas should be constantly evaluated and revised.	Legal immigrants contribute to society.	US immigration helps the economy.	US Immigration
Immigration needs to be done legally only.	We should take hard measures to enforce immigration laws.	States should focus on their own people first.	Our country was founded o the principle of encouraging immigration.	US Immigration
Legal immigration is important for low paying jobs that Americans do not want.	Immigration into the USA should be elevated.	The government has to destinate some fund to help immigrants.	Low cost workers come from Inmigration.	US Immigration
Illegal immigrants take jobs away from Americans.	Elevate refugee immigration to the US; they deserve a safe haven.	Deporting these illegal immigrants can cost the government afortune so it is better to let them stay.	All immigrants should have a detailed background check.	US Immigration
The government must set and enforce stricter rules about immigration.	Legal status would boost the economy.	Immigration should be limited.	Immigrants have a positive impact in the economy.	US Immigration
Inclusion should be facilitated for immigrants.	Some immigrants come seeking better education and they should not be deprived.	Immigration built the US.	US should hire skilled immigrants.	US Immigration
It's in the public interest to acknowledge that refugees cause harm.	Not everyone must be elegible for Immigration.	Immigrants should come into the US legally only.	A time limit must be approved for immigrants.	US Immigration
The U.S. is a melting pot of cultures.	Immigration shouldn't be more important than security.	Come to the US through legal channels or don't come at all.	Immigration provides cultural growth.	US Immigration
Background checks must be performed on immigrants.	Immigration must be regularized.	Immigrants are good for US.	All immigrants should learn American English.	US Immigration
Diversity is something that a lot of companies value.	Immigration increases terrorist activity.	People from other countries should fix the problems in their own country, rather than move to another country.	All illegal immigrants should be deported back to their home country.	US Immigration
Illegal immigration should not be allowed and be enforced.	Immigration changes national identity in a bad way.	The US must be responsible to their own citizens first.	Immigration has always been a part of america.	US Immigration
Immigration is what made us what it is today.	A person in need should not be denied help and life regardless of where they are from.	Illegal immigration is born from the difficulty of emigrating.	Immigrants contribute to the work force when they come to the country the right way.	US Immigration
Immigrants are known for working cheaper.	People immigrating from other countries should be loyal to america if they are living here.	Allowing people to becoming legal citizens should be first step in revising the immigration system.	All immigrants should be legal.	US Immigration
High skilled migrants take jobs from US workers.	Immigrants bring positive things to the country.	Work visas to skilled professionals should be temporary in nature.	Most immigrants pay taxes.	US Immigration
We must secure our borders.	Migrants have a positive impact on the economy.	Immigrants create multiculturalism.	America should invite all people that need help.	US Immigration
The government has to destinate some fund to help immigrants.	The country must monitor the borders.	People immigrating from other countries should be loyal to america if they are living here.	Immigrants visas should be constantly evaluated and revised.	US Immigration
States should be in control of determining the allowance of immigrants into their domain and the care that may be necessary.	The USA immigration is best best way to repair the economy.	Immigration should be legal and orderly.	Some immigrants come seeking better education and they should not be deprived.	US Immigration
Legal status would boost the economy.	Immigration has always been a part of america.	Immigrants bring positive things to the country.	Legal immigration provides increased diversity.	US Immigration
As long as immigrants get to remain in the United States legally, they will have jumped ahead of those in their home countries who are attempting legal entry.	Immigrants must pass certain background checks including crime record.	Immigration needs to be done legally only.	Immigrants are known for working cheaper.	US Immigration
Immigration shouldn't be more important than security.	Immigrants are good for US economy.	Immigrants have a right to be protected.	Inclusion should be facilitated for immigrants.	US Immigration
Inmigration have a positive impact in the rise of economy.	Undocumented aliens are willing to take all kinds of jobs.	Undocumented aliens contribute to a richer culture and biodiversity.	Immigration should be controlled to prevent overcrowding in the USA.	US Immigration
Immigration should be elevated because it brings the best brains to the economity.	Background checks must be performed on immigrants.	Illegal immigrants take jobs away from Americans.	Immigration should be limited.	US Immigration
Our country was founded o the principle of encouraging immigration.	Legal immigration has brought some great scientists to the United States.	Legal immigration levels should remain the same.	Our national and economic security depend on requiring people who are living and working here illegally to come forward and get right with the law.	US Immigration
A person in need should not be denied help and life regardless of where they are from.	Diversity is something that a lot of companies value.	Immigrants provide a valuable diversity.	The government must set and enforce stricter rules about immigration.	US Immigration
Immigrants are needed to make up for aging populations.	Allowing people to becoming legal citizens should be first step in revising the immigration system.	Immigrants have a postivie impact on the economy.	Skilled migration workers are needed.	US Immigration
Most immigrants pay taxes.	Immigration into the USA should be elevated.	Immigrants are willing to do work that most Americans don't want to do, at a lower cost to the employer.	Illegal immigration should not be allowed and be enforced.	US Immigration
Refugees should be helped.	European countries are experiencing problems with refugee immigrants.	States should focus on their own people first.	A time limit must be approved for immigrants.	US Immigration
Immigrants should be able to come to the USA for better opportunities.	The US has the right to exclude of certain groups from entering.	Immigrant will strengthen our national security.	Immigrants are better workers tha US workers.	US Immigration
US should hire skilled immigrants.	People from other countries should fix the problems in their own country, rather than move to another country.	Immigrant will stimulate the economy and enhance America's wealth.	Immigrants take work no one else wants.	US Immigration
Deporting these illegal immigrants can cost the government afortune so it is better to let them stay.	Immigration is what made us what it is today.	Immigrants helps boost US economy.	Immigrants who commit a serious crime should be permanently expelled.	US Immigration
All immigrants should learn American English.	Immigrants should be treated better at the borders.	Immigrants are what makes this country what it is.	All immigrants should be legal.	US Immigration
Immigration built the US.	The immigration program needs to be reformed.	The United States is already fully populated, so immigration should be restricted.	Work visas to skilled professionals should be temporary in nature.	US Immigration
All illegal immigrants should be deported back to their home country.	Immigrants should be treated like citizens of the country.	We need an immigration reform that focuses on enforcement and upholding the rule of law.	Immigrants contribute to the work force when they come to the country the right way.	US Immigration
At times they help in the progress of the country.	States must be responsible for everyone present, not just citizens.	Some immigrants possess important skills that our country needs.	Increased diversity results in a better America.	US Immigration
Multiculturalism is desirable.	Muslim immigrants can be dangerous.	When a person immigrates to a new country they can assume new nationality with their new country.	There should be a way that illegal immigrants can become legalized.	US Immigration
The U.S. is a melting pot of cultures.	High skilled migrants take jobs from US workers.	Illegal immigration should be banned.	All inmigrants should have the right to vote in the American elections.	US Immigration
Immigrants have a positive impact in the economy.	Congress should immediately fund Trump's wall.	Immigration changes national identity in a bad way.	The US must be responsible to their own citizens first.	US Immigration
Inmigration have a positive impact on diplomatic relationships.	We are all the descendants of immigrants.	Immigration must be regularized.	There are immigrants who make great collaborations with the country.	US Immigration
Only children who have one parent who is a US citizen should be granted citizenship.	We need to limit the amount of refugees allowed.	Paths to legal immigration should be simplified.	Immigrants are good for US.	US Immigration
Immigration provides cultural growth.	Immigration makes US more attractive to tourists.	Not everyone must be elegible for Immigration.	States must be responsible to their own citizens first.	US Immigration
Immigrants should come into the US legally only.	It's in the public interest to acknowledge that refugees cause harm.	Immigration does not change national identity of a country built on immigrants.	Migrant workers contribute to our economy via business ventures and as employees.	US Immigration
Legal immigration should be promoted.	Allowing immigrants into the country makes for a more skilled labor force.	Elevate refugee immigration to the US; they deserve a safe haven.	Bans against immigration are really just fronts for prejudice.	US Immigration
Legal immigrants contribute to society.	Immigrants are more often criminals.	We are all migrants.	Immigration increases terrorist activity.	US Immigration
Visas should only be issued to students and workers.	We should stop foreigners taking advantage of us.	Low cost workers come from Inmigration.	All immigrants should have a detailed background check.	US Immigration
Illegal immigration is born from the difficulty of emigrating.	Come to the US through legal channels or don't come at all.	US comprise of immigrant eversince.	US immigration helps the economy.	US Immigration
We should take hard measures to enforce immigration laws.	A decrease in population due to aging and death can be regained from an immigrant population including refugees.	Immigrants are bad for the US.	Legal immigration is important for low paying jobs that Americans do not want.	US Immigration
Immigration takes opportunities away from those born in the usa.	America should focus on its own citizens before other countries citizens.	When a person immigrates to a new country they can assume new nationality with their new country.	European countries are experiencing problems with refugee immigrants.	US Immigration
Some immigrants possess important skills that our country needs.	Immigrants should be treated better at the borders.	Allowing immigrants into the country makes for a more skilled labor force.	All inmigrants should have the right to vote in the American elections.	US Immigration
Immigrants take work no one else wants.	Immigration should be legal and orderly.	Immigration should be elevated because it brings the best brains to the economity.	Legal immigration is important for low paying jobs that Americans do not want.	US Immigration
The government has to destinate some fund to help immigrants.	Illegal immigration should be banned.	Immigration does not change national identity of a country built on immigrants.	Bans against immigration are really just fronts for prejudice.	US Immigration
Immigration is what made us what it is today.	The US has the right to exclude of certain groups from entering.	Immigration takes opportunities away from those born in the usa.	Diversity is something that a lot of companies value.	US Immigration
Immigrants should be able to come to the USA for better opportunities.	Elevate refugee immigration to the US; they deserve a safe haven.	Some immigrants come seeking better education and they should not be deprived.	We need an immigration reform that focuses on enforcement and upholding the rule of law.	US Immigration
Paths to legal immigration should be simplified.	There are immigrants who make great collaborations with the country.	Immigration makes US more attractive to tourists.	All illegal immigrants should be deported back to their home country.	US Immigration
Immigrants are more often criminals.	Immigration increases terrorist activity.	US should hire skilled immigrants.	Legal status would boost the economy.	US Immigration
Immigrants have a right to be protected.	As long as immigrants get to remain in the United States legally, they will have jumped ahead of those in their home countries who are attempting legal entry.	It's in the public interest to acknowledge that refugees cause harm.	Migrant workers contribute to our economy via business ventures and as employees.	US Immigration
All immigrants should have a detailed background check.	Immigrants who commit a serious crime should be permanently expelled.	Undocumented aliens contribute to a richer culture and biodiversity.	Immigrants are better workers tha US workers.	US Immigration
Immigrants contribute to the work force when they come to the country the right way.	Migrants have a positive impact on the economy.	States must be responsible for everyone present, not just citizens.	The United States is already fully populated, so immigration should be restricted.	US Immigration
Immigration should be limited.	States should focus on their own people first.	Legal immigration levels should remain the same.	Immigrants must pass certain background checks including crime record.	US Immigration
Deporting these illegal immigrants can cost the government afortune so it is better to let them stay.	Immigrants are what makes this country what it is.	Congress should immediately fund Trump's wall.	Skilled migration workers are needed.	US Immigration
Immigration changes national identity in a bad way.	We are all the descendants of immigrants.	Illegal immigration should not be allowed and be enforced.	Undocumented aliens are willing to take all kinds of jobs.	US Immigration
Immigration should be controlled to prevent overcrowding in the USA.	Immigrants should be treated like citizens of the country.	Immigration must be regularized.	Immigrants have a positive impact in the economy.	US Immigration
Immigration into the USA should be elevated.	Immigrants are bad for the US.	Immigrants bring positive things to the country.	States should be in control of determining the allowance of immigrants into their domain and the care that may be necessary.	US Immigration
Only children who have one parent who is a US citizen should be granted citizenship.	A time limit must be approved for immigrants.	Immigrants are known for working cheaper.	Immigration built the US.	US Immigration
Inmigration have a positive impact on diplomatic relationships.	People immigrating from other countries should be loyal to america if they are living here.	Illegal immigration is born from the difficulty of emigrating.	Refugees should be helped.	US Immigration
Legal immigrants contribute to society.	Immigrants are needed to make up for aging populations.	We must secure our borders.	We should stop foreigners taking advantage of us.	US Immigration
The U.S. is a melting pot of cultures.	Legal immigration provides increased diversity.	Background checks must be performed on immigrants.	The immigration program needs to be reformed.	US Immigration
Come to the US through legal channels or don't come at all.	Immigrants provide a valuable diversity.	We are all migrants.	Immigrants create multiculturalism.	US Immigration
High skilled migrants take jobs from US workers.	Immigrant will stimulate the economy and enhance America's wealth.	All immigrants should learn American English.	Allowing people to becoming legal citizens should be first step in revising the immigration system.	US Immigration
We need to limit the amount of refugees allowed.	The government must set and enforce stricter rules about immigration.	Work visas to skilled professionals should be temporary in nature.	Immigration needs to be done legally only.	US Immigration
Immigration has always been a part of america.	Increased diversity results in a better America.	US immigration helps the economy.	Visas should only be issued to students and workers.	US Immigration
Multiculturalism is desirable.	The US must be responsible to their own citizens first.	Legal immigration should be promoted.	A decrease in population due to aging and death can be regained from an immigrant population including refugees.	US Immigration
Immigrants are willing to do work that most Americans don't want to do, at a lower cost to the employer.	Illegal immigrants take jobs away from Americans.	Muslim immigrants can be dangerous.	We should take hard measures to enforce immigration laws.	US Immigration
Immigrants are good for US.	Immigrants should come into the US legally only.	America should invite all people that need help.	Our country was founded o the principle of encouraging immigration.	US Immigration
Immigration shouldn't be more important than security.	US comprise of immigrant eversince.	The country must monitor the borders.	Legal immigration has brought some great scientists to the United States.	US Immigration
Our national and economic security depend on requiring people who are living and working here illegally to come forward and get right with the law.	People from other countries should fix the problems in their own country, rather than move to another country.	Immigrants helps boost US economy.	Immigrants are good for US economy.	US Immigration
Low cost workers come from Inmigration.	Immigrant will strengthen our national security.	Not everyone must be elegible for Immigration.	Most immigrants pay taxes.	US Immigration
Immigrants have a postivie impact on the economy.	At times they help in the progress of the country.	A person in need should not be denied help and life regardless of where they are from.	Immigrants visas should be constantly evaluated and revised.	US Immigration
Immigration provides cultural growth.	The USA immigration is best best way to repair the economy.	America should focus on its own citizens before other countries citizens.	There should be a way that illegal immigrants can become legalized.	US Immigration
States must be responsible to their own citizens first.	All immigrants should be legal.	Inmigration have a positive impact in the rise of economy.	Inclusion should be facilitated for immigrants.	US Immigration
A vegetarian diet is healthy and beneficial over a meat based diet.	Animals only must die for eating.	Meat is a good source of nutrients.	Being a vegan saves animals lives.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Humans have been natural carnivores for ages as is displayed through evolution such as that humans have canine teeth and the capability of eating and properly consuming meat.	It is possible to kill animals in a manner that is humane.	Living a vegan lifestyle makes you look good.	Eating plants reduce animal extinction.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
If people want to be vegan - let them.	Many celebrities are vegan.	Animal protection should be maximized.	There are many vegan options for protein.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegan lifestyle cuts out dairy completley.	These are other lifestyles and life choices that do have more benefits including the ability to grow a lot of one's own food safely and organically.	Humans are meant to be vegan.	Vegetarianism is healthier.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Using cows for dairy production is cruel.	Farming also contributes to air and water pollution.	Vegans are at reduced risk of serious illness.	Eating meat is essential to human development.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegan lifestyle is the healthiest.	Being a vegetarian is healthier for you.	Enough protein can be found in vegetarian sources.	Most vegans and vegetarians are healthier then those who eat meat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegetarians face unrealistic expectations.	Meat provides the nutrients required for good health.	Eating meat is also good for humans body.	It is immoral to eat vegetable only.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Eating animals reduces deforestation.	Eaiting meat is not healthy.	Vegan lifestyle results in a short of essential vitamins and minerals.	A persons food choice should be there own right to decide.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Milk and Chees are good for people.	Lack of essential vitamins and minerals.	The vegan diet has many health benefits.	People living the vegan are much healthier lifestyle.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
A vegan or vegetarian diet lacks nutrition only found in meat.	People can choose a nutrition plan that is suitable for them.	Meat consumption contributes to air and water pollution.	Avoid discriminating against non-vegetarians and vice versa.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
The consumption or not of meat must be right of each person.	Vegan lifestyles are good for the environment.	Some animals are here on earth to eat them.	A vegan lifestyle is healthier.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
People should be free to eat whatever they want.	Humans do not need meat to survive.	Human teeth have developed to eat meat.	Vegan is a good cancer prevention.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
There are just as many animals killed in the dairy and egg industries as the meat industry.	Killing animals is a sin.	Vitamins and pills are not safe substitutes for meat.	Vegetarian and vegan lifestyles help to regulate blood pressure.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
A persons diet should be there choice and the individual freedoms of choosing one food should not be shamed.	People should be able to make their own choices on what they eat.	Most slaughter houses are over crowded and do not properly care for animals.	Vegan is the healthier lifestyle.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Meat can cause diseases.	Carnivorous diets are unhealthy.	We have the right to choose what to eat.	It is immoral to kill animals.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Killing animals is against Gods law.	Vegetarian should be encouraged.	Eating meat leads to cardiovascular disease.	No studies prove that a vegetarian lifestyle is healthier.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
It is good that more people are starting to go Vegan.	Animals used in meat production are mistreated.	Meat production is bad for the environment.	Vegetarianism is healthier than veganism.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Not eating animals can lead to having more pets.	Veganism is like a religion.	Having more vegetarian options in stores helps boost the economy by creating another group of consumers.	Animals have feelings and it is cruel to eat them.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Being a vegetarian is a good way to care for animals.	There are too many people who take Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle to the extreme.	The decision of a person to be or not to be vegetarian must be respected.	There is more protein in plants than animals.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Eating plant can relieve animal extinction.	I like cows, so I don't eat them.	Eating meat has been an essential part of human evolution.	Vegans should not put down non vegans or vice versa.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
If people want to eat meat then let them.	Creating a nutrition plan is left for the person.	Meat is needed to grow.	Meat is bad for humans.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Humans are made to eat meat.	Vegan lifestyle should be adopted.	It would not be practical to meet the world's food needs with a purely plant-based diet.	It's immoral to kill animals.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegetarians, such as 7th Day Adventists, are healthy people.	Vegetarianism is healthier than other diet plans.	Cows milk should be for calves only.	Humans have evolved to eat meat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Meat offers important nutrients.	Meat is as healthy as vegetables.	Vegetarians are healthier.	Eating animals is part of the natural life cycle.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
People should be free to choose their own nutrition plan.	Tofu is not a healthy substitute for animal protein.	Human beings are biological omnivores.	There are other sources of B-12 than meat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegetarianism is becoming more popular.	Beef can cause heart attack.	Real leather makes a statement about the woman who carries it (purse).	Vegetarism and veganism has interferences with existing medical conditions.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Being vegetarian is healthy lifestyle.	Is immoral to kill animals.	We should consume meat more conscious.	There are certain nutrients, such as Zinc, Iron, and Protein, that are most efficiently consumed by eating meat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
People have the right to choose he kind of meal they want to eat.	Vegetarian lifestyles reduce risk of the No. 1 killer  Heart Disease.	People should just eat vegetables.	A health plan leads to a healthy life.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Being vegan is healthy.	Veganism is not healthy.	People should eat less meat.	Meat consumption should be limited.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
All people should be free to choose between vegan or vegetarian lifestyle.	Eating animal can reduce deforestation.	Vegetarianism will result in more animals than the earth can support.	Killing animals for food is part of being a person.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
There are better ways than being vegetarian and vegan to have a healthy lifestyle.	God said that is ok to kill animals for human's consumtion.	Meat production pollutes our environment.	A vegan diet promotes weight loss.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Freedom to chose your nutrition.	Vegans are healthier than omnivores.	There should be more vegetarian options available to increase diversity.	Killing animals is harmful.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Many celebrities are vegan.	Vegetarian lifestyles reduce risk of the No. 1 killer  Heart Disease.	Most vegans and vegetarians are healthier then those who eat meat.	People should eat less meat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Eating meat is also good for humans body.	Vegetarianism is healthier.	Being a vegetarian is healthier for you.	Vegetarianism will result in more animals than the earth can support.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegan lifestyle results in a short of essential vitamins and minerals.	Being a vegetarian is a good way to care for animals.	It is possible to kill animals in a manner that is humane.	There are many vegan options for protein.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Real leather makes a statement about the woman who carries it (purse).	Lack of essential vitamins and minerals.	Meat consumption contributes to air and water pollution.	There should be more vegetarian options available to increase diversity.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegetarianism is becoming more popular.	It is good that more people are starting to go Vegan.	Being vegetarian is healthy lifestyle.	It is immoral to kill animals.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Veganism is not healthy.	A vegetarian diet is healthy and beneficial over a meat based diet.	Vegetarians face unrealistic expectations.	People can choose a nutrition plan that is suitable for them.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
We have the right to choose what to eat.	Most slaughter houses are over crowded and do not properly care for animals.	Is immoral to kill animals.	Beef can cause heart attack.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Animals have feelings and it is cruel to eat them.	Meat provides the nutrients required for good health.	People should be free to choose their own nutrition plan.	There are other sources of B-12 than meat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
People should just eat vegetables.	Living a vegan lifestyle makes you look good.	Vegan lifestyle is the healthiest.	Animals used in meat production are mistreated.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegetarianism is healthier than other diet plans.	Some animals are here on earth to eat them.	Freedom to chose your nutrition.	Eating animals reduces deforestation.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Meat offers important nutrients.	All people should be free to choose between vegan or vegetarian lifestyle.	Animal protection should be maximized.	Tofu is not a healthy substitute for animal protein.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
People should be free to eat whatever they want.	Vegans should not put down non vegans or vice versa.	Meat is bad for humans.	Milk and Chees are good for people.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegan lifestyle cuts out dairy completley.	It's immoral to kill animals.	There are certain nutrients, such as Zinc, Iron, and Protein, that are most efficiently consumed by eating meat.	Human teeth have developed to eat meat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
There are better ways than being vegetarian and vegan to have a healthy lifestyle.	A vegan lifestyle is healthier.	Vegetarians, such as 7th Day Adventists, are healthy people.	People living the vegan are much healthier lifestyle.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegan is the healthier lifestyle.	Humans are made to eat meat.	The decision of a person to be or not to be vegetarian must be respected.	Eating plants reduce animal extinction.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
We should consume meat more conscious.	Meat can cause diseases.	Eating meat leads to cardiovascular disease.	Eating meat is essential to human development.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegans are at reduced risk of serious illness.	Meat production pollutes our environment.	Eaiting meat is not healthy.	Humans do not need meat to survive.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vitamins and pills are not safe substitutes for meat.	Meat is as healthy as vegetables.	People have the right to choose he kind of meal they want to eat.	A persons food choice should be there own right to decide.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
God said that is ok to kill animals for human's consumtion.	Avoid discriminating against non-vegetarians and vice versa.	A persons diet should be there choice and the individual freedoms of choosing one food should not be shamed.	Being vegan is healthy.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
I like cows, so I don't eat them.	If people want to be vegan - let them.	The vegan diet has many health benefits.	Meat is needed to grow.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegan lifestyles are good for the environment.	Killing animals for food is part of being a person.	There are too many people who take Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle to the extreme.	There is more protein in plants than animals.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Eating animals is part of the natural life cycle.	Vegans are healthier than omnivores.	Human beings are biological omnivores.	Vegan lifestyle should be adopted.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Veganism is like a religion.	Meat consumption should be limited.	Killing animals is a sin.	Animals only must die for eating.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Killing animals is harmful.	Carnivorous diets are unhealthy.	If people want to eat meat then let them.	It would not be practical to meet the world's food needs with a purely plant-based diet.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Not eating animals can lead to having more pets.	Enough protein can be found in vegetarian sources.	Humans are meant to be vegan.	Eating animal can reduce deforestation.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
A vegan or vegetarian diet lacks nutrition only found in meat.	Killing animals is against Gods law.	Vegetarian should be encouraged.	The consumption or not of meat must be right of each person.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Meat is a good source of nutrients.	Humans have been natural carnivores for ages as is displayed through evolution such as that humans have canine teeth and the capability of eating and properly consuming meat.	There are just as many animals killed in the dairy and egg industries as the meat industry.	Meat production is bad for the environment.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
A vegan diet promotes weight loss.	Vegetarianism is healthier than veganism.	No studies prove that a vegetarian lifestyle is healthier.	People should be able to make their own choices on what they eat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Cows milk should be for calves only.	Vegetarian and vegan lifestyles help to regulate blood pressure.	Farming also contributes to air and water pollution.	These are other lifestyles and life choices that do have more benefits including the ability to grow a lot of one's own food safely and organically.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Eating plant can relieve animal extinction.	Vegetarism and veganism has interferences with existing medical conditions.	It is immoral to eat vegetable only.	Being a vegan saves animals lives.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Eating meat has been an essential part of human evolution.	Vegan is a good cancer prevention.	Humans have evolved to eat meat.	Having more vegetarian options in stores helps boost the economy by creating another group of consumers.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
A health plan leads to a healthy life.	Vegetarians are healthier.	Creating a nutrition plan is left for the person.	Using cows for dairy production is cruel.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Lack of essential vitamins and minerals.	A persons diet should be there choice and the individual freedoms of choosing one food should not be shamed.	Vegetarianism is becoming more popular.	Cows milk should be for calves only.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
A vegan lifestyle is healthier.	Vegetarianism is healthier.	Eating animals reduces deforestation.	Veganism is like a religion.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Human teeth have developed to eat meat.	It is immoral to kill animals.	If people want to eat meat then let them.	Killing animals is a sin.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
People should just eat vegetables.	People living the vegan are much healthier lifestyle.	If people want to be vegan - let them.	There are many vegan options for protein.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Being a vegetarian is healthier for you.	Eating plant can relieve animal extinction.	Vegan is the healthier lifestyle.	Vegan lifestyle results in a short of essential vitamins and minerals.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegetarianism is healthier than veganism.	People should be free to choose their own nutrition plan.	All people should be free to choose between vegan or vegetarian lifestyle.	Vegetarianism is healthier than other diet plans.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
A vegan diet promotes weight loss.	Killing animals for food is part of being a person.	Vegan is a good cancer prevention.	Eaiting meat is not healthy.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Meat can cause diseases.	Meat provides the nutrients required for good health.	Meat production pollutes our environment.	Meat production is bad for the environment.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Real leather makes a statement about the woman who carries it (purse).	Eating animal can reduce deforestation.	Humans are meant to be vegan.	Being a vegan saves animals lives.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
No studies prove that a vegetarian lifestyle is healthier.	People should be able to make their own choices on what they eat.	Meat is a good source of nutrients.	Eating animals is part of the natural life cycle.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Living a vegan lifestyle makes you look good.	Vegetarian and vegan lifestyles help to regulate blood pressure.	A vegan or vegetarian diet lacks nutrition only found in meat.	Is immoral to kill animals.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Eating meat is essential to human development.	Animals used in meat production are mistreated.	Human beings are biological omnivores.	Meat is needed to grow.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
The consumption or not of meat must be right of each person.	Humans have evolved to eat meat.	People should be free to eat whatever they want.	Not eating animals can lead to having more pets.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
There are just as many animals killed in the dairy and egg industries as the meat industry.	Animal protection should be maximized.	Meat is as healthy as vegetables.	These are other lifestyles and life choices that do have more benefits including the ability to grow a lot of one's own food safely and organically.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Meat consumption should be limited.	Having more vegetarian options in stores helps boost the economy by creating another group of consumers.	Humans do not need meat to survive.	We should consume meat more conscious.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
There are better ways than being vegetarian and vegan to have a healthy lifestyle.	Avoid discriminating against non-vegetarians and vice versa.	It's immoral to kill animals.	It is immoral to eat vegetable only.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Enough protein can be found in vegetarian sources.	Eating plants reduce animal extinction.	Meat consumption contributes to air and water pollution.	Animals have feelings and it is cruel to eat them.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegetarian lifestyles reduce risk of the No. 1 killer  Heart Disease.	I like cows, so I don't eat them.	Being a vegetarian is a good way to care for animals.	Vegetarians are healthier.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
God said that is ok to kill animals for human's consumtion.	There is more protein in plants than animals.	Killing animals is harmful.	Tofu is not a healthy substitute for animal protein.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
It is good that more people are starting to go Vegan.	Being vegan is healthy.	Animals only must die for eating.	Vitamins and pills are not safe substitutes for meat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Humans are made to eat meat.	Being vegetarian is healthy lifestyle.	Milk and Chees are good for people.	There are too many people who take Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle to the extreme.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Eating meat has been an essential part of human evolution.	Beef can cause heart attack.	The decision of a person to be or not to be vegetarian must be respected.	A vegetarian diet is healthy and beneficial over a meat based diet.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
A health plan leads to a healthy life.	Vegans should not put down non vegans or vice versa.	Carnivorous diets are unhealthy.	Vegan lifestyle is the healthiest.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
People can choose a nutrition plan that is suitable for them.	There should be more vegetarian options available to increase diversity.	Some animals are here on earth to eat them.	People should eat less meat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Most slaughter houses are over crowded and do not properly care for animals.	Eating meat leads to cardiovascular disease.	Killing animals is against Gods law.	Creating a nutrition plan is left for the person.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
It is possible to kill animals in a manner that is humane.	There are other sources of B-12 than meat.	Eating meat is also good for humans body.	Vegetarians face unrealistic expectations.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegans are at reduced risk of serious illness.	It would not be practical to meet the world's food needs with a purely plant-based diet.	A persons food choice should be there own right to decide.	Most vegans and vegetarians are healthier then those who eat meat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
The vegan diet has many health benefits.	Vegan lifestyle cuts out dairy completley.	Farming also contributes to air and water pollution.	People have the right to choose he kind of meal they want to eat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
There are certain nutrients, such as Zinc, Iron, and Protein, that are most efficiently consumed by eating meat.	Vegan lifestyle should be adopted.	Meat offers important nutrients.	Vegan lifestyles are good for the environment.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegetarians, such as 7th Day Adventists, are healthy people.	Vegetarian should be encouraged.	Humans have been natural carnivores for ages as is displayed through evolution such as that humans have canine teeth and the capability of eating and properly consuming meat.	Vegetarism and veganism has interferences with existing medical conditions.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Many celebrities are vegan.	Meat is bad for humans.	Veganism is not healthy.	Freedom to chose your nutrition.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegans are healthier than omnivores.	Using cows for dairy production is cruel.	We have the right to choose what to eat.	Vegetarianism will result in more animals than the earth can support.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Humans do not need meat to survive.	Meat production is bad for the environment.	Meat offers important nutrients.	Animals only must die for eating.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
A vegan diet promotes weight loss.	If people want to be vegan - let them.	Most vegans and vegetarians are healthier then those who eat meat.	There are other sources of B-12 than meat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Meat consumption contributes to air and water pollution.	Vegetarianism is healthier than veganism.	We should consume meat more conscious.	These are other lifestyles and life choices that do have more benefits including the ability to grow a lot of one's own food safely and organically.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Creating a nutrition plan is left for the person.	People have the right to choose he kind of meal they want to eat.	There are just as many animals killed in the dairy and egg industries as the meat industry.	Meat provides the nutrients required for good health.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
All people should be free to choose between vegan or vegetarian lifestyle.	Tofu is not a healthy substitute for animal protein.	Humans have evolved to eat meat.	Vegetarianism will result in more animals than the earth can support.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Human beings are biological omnivores.	There are better ways than being vegetarian and vegan to have a healthy lifestyle.	Vegan lifestyle results in a short of essential vitamins and minerals.	Veganism is like a religion.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Eating meat has been an essential part of human evolution.	Meat is as healthy as vegetables.	Animal protection should be maximized.	Humans have been natural carnivores for ages as is displayed through evolution such as that humans have canine teeth and the capability of eating and properly consuming meat.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Killing animals is against Gods law.	Vegetarianism is healthier.	Vegan lifestyle cuts out dairy completley.	Eaiting meat is not healthy.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Being vegetarian is healthy lifestyle.	Killing animals is harmful.	It's immoral to kill animals.	Humans are meant to be vegan.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
There are certain nutrients, such as Zinc, Iron, and Protein, that are most efficiently consumed by eating meat.	Freedom to chose your nutrition.	Enough protein can be found in vegetarian sources.	Avoid discriminating against non-vegetarians and vice versa.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Being a vegetarian is healthier for you.	Vegetarianism is healthier than other diet plans.	Is immoral to kill animals.	Having more vegetarian options in stores helps boost the economy by creating another group of consumers.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Eating animals is part of the natural life cycle.	Beef can cause heart attack.	A health plan leads to a healthy life.	There are many vegan options for protein.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Cows milk should be for calves only.	We have the right to choose what to eat.	Meat is needed to grow.	Vegetarian should be encouraged.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Not eating animals can lead to having more pets.	Vegetarians face unrealistic expectations.	Being vegan is healthy.	Eating plant can relieve animal extinction.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegans are healthier than omnivores.	Real leather makes a statement about the woman who carries it (purse).	God said that is ok to kill animals for human's consumtion.	Farming also contributes to air and water pollution.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
People should be able to make their own choices on what they eat.	Living a vegan lifestyle makes you look good.	Eating plants reduce animal extinction.	Vegan lifestyles are good for the environment.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
If people want to eat meat then let them.	Vegan is the healthier lifestyle.	A vegan or vegetarian diet lacks nutrition only found in meat.	People living the vegan are much healthier lifestyle.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegetarians are healthier.	Vegan lifestyle should be adopted.	Vitamins and pills are not safe substitutes for meat.	Carnivorous diets are unhealthy.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Lack of essential vitamins and minerals.	People should just eat vegetables.	A persons food choice should be there own right to decide.	Killing animals is a sin.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegetarian and vegan lifestyles help to regulate blood pressure.	A vegetarian diet is healthy and beneficial over a meat based diet.	Many celebrities are vegan.	Vegetarian lifestyles reduce risk of the No. 1 killer  Heart Disease.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
I like cows, so I don't eat them.	Vegan is a good cancer prevention.	Eating meat is also good for humans body.	People can choose a nutrition plan that is suitable for them.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegetarianism is becoming more popular.	It is possible to kill animals in a manner that is humane.	Meat is a good source of nutrients.	It is immoral to eat vegetable only.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Meat is bad for humans.	Eating animals reduces deforestation.	There is more protein in plants than animals.	Vegetarism and veganism has interferences with existing medical conditions.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Human teeth have developed to eat meat.	Meat can cause diseases.	Milk and Chees are good for people.	Veganism is not healthy.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
The consumption or not of meat must be right of each person.	Vegans should not put down non vegans or vice versa.	People should eat less meat.	Being a vegetarian is a good way to care for animals.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
A persons diet should be there choice and the individual freedoms of choosing one food should not be shamed.	It would not be practical to meet the world's food needs with a purely plant-based diet.	It is good that more people are starting to go Vegan.	Vegans are at reduced risk of serious illness.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
The decision of a person to be or not to be vegetarian must be respected.	The vegan diet has many health benefits.	There should be more vegetarian options available to increase diversity.	There are too many people who take Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle to the extreme.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Humans are made to eat meat.	Eating meat leads to cardiovascular disease.	Most slaughter houses are over crowded and do not properly care for animals.	Animals used in meat production are mistreated.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
People should be free to eat whatever they want.	People should be free to choose their own nutrition plan.	No studies prove that a vegetarian lifestyle is healthier.	Meat consumption should be limited.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
It is immoral to kill animals.	A vegan lifestyle is healthier.	Eating meat is essential to human development.	Eating animal can reduce deforestation.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegan lifestyle is the healthiest.	Meat production pollutes our environment.	Animals have feelings and it is cruel to eat them.	Being a vegan saves animals lives.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
Vegetarians, such as 7th Day Adventists, are healthy people.	Some animals are here on earth to eat them.	Using cows for dairy production is cruel.	Killing animals for food is part of being a person.	Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle
America should control the middle east.	Torture should not be allowed.	Sometimes spying on terrorists can unfortunately reveal about unrelated persons.	Terrorism is an international threat.	War on Terrorism
Measure put in place to allow government more access to private information after the 9-11 terrorist attacks have been mis used.	All suspected individual should be well detaned.	Fighting terrorism by using bombings that kill civilians creates more terrorists than it kills.	The US uses terrorism to justifice violence against other countries.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism needs to end with the hope of peace.	We need to take necessary means to capture terrorists.	The war on terror having long-term economic effects while we could keep our borders safe here instead.	The government should have many strategies for the war.	War on Terrorism
War on terrorism should be the priority by the US.	We should take troops out of the middle east.	The war on terror makes us a police state rather than do much for our world image and sovereignt.	The war or terrorism must be enforced and take seriously.	War on Terrorism
A person's chances of being killed by a terrorist are astronomically low.	More countries should join forces in combating terrorist.	The cost of terror has economical and human consequences.	USA need more arab people to fight terror.	War on Terrorism
US should not meddle in foreign affairs in the name of defense.	Eradicating terrorism save many lives.	As a bonus, war on terror almost guarantees safety worldwide.	The war against Afghanistan was justified by terrorism.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism must be taken serious.	People can not avoid war.	Terrorism should not be encouraged.	The terrorist issue is small compared to other priorities.	War on Terrorism
Using torture makes us terrorists.	Terrorism should be defeated but not at the cost of civilian lives.	Terrorism has to be defeated using all available means.	Torture can be a necessary tool in the war on terror.	War on Terrorism
Many companies are getting rich by selling wapons agains terrorism.	Terrorists lose any kind of human right.	The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizens.	We must protect our country.	War on Terrorism
War against terrorism is expensive.	We must have a psychological support group for many of the affected by terror.	Any arrested terrorist should be jailed.	Fighting terrorists only radicalizes more.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism has lead to discrimination of muslims.	It is ok that our taxes support the war on terrorism.	Terrorism is only a problem in the middle east.	We should not call it a war, as it is totally different than what we think of as a war between countries.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism needs to be eliminated once and for all.	We need to focus on intelligence and infiltrating groups of suspected terrorists.	Terrorism needs to be stopped.	American born terrorists are a bigger threat than middle eastern terrorists.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism is to costly.	Any cost is little if terrorism is eliminated.	The United States must work with the international community to defeat terrorism.	If U.S. citizens have nothing to hide, then they shouldn't be concerned about the government spying on them.	War on Terrorism
Torture is an ineffective way to extract reliable information from people.	The government uses war on terror to spy on foreign affairs.	The war on terrorism has been minimally effective.	It is necessary to defeat the evils that want to destroy others as their mission.	War on Terrorism
War on terrorism is good for the country.	The government must take care that the taken measures on counter-terror does not affect innocents.	Terrorism should be countered.	Troops lives have been lost for no reason due to the war on terrorism.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism takes many forms and is home grown through the use of the internet and a section of the population that is completely disenfranchised with our society.	The war on terrorism resulted in more terrorist acts against the United States.	Too many lives are lost during acts of terrorism.	The War on Terror is unwinnable.	War on Terrorism
The War on Terrorism did not boost the economy.	The US needs to stop their war on terrorism.	Torture may have some benefits although inhuman.	Terrorism needs to be destroy  by using tecnology.	War on Terrorism
Torture is sometimes required to get answers.	Terrorism is the biggest problem of our time.	We must fight for our freedoms.	War on terrorism is a necessary strategy.	War on Terrorism
All Muslims are terrorists.	The us government need to spot out all the terrorist with intellegence.	The war against afghanistan was justified by terrorism.	Jet fuel can't melt steel beams: 9-11 is fake.	War on Terrorism
Too much lives are wasted because of war on terrorism.	The war on terror made us look a lot stronger as a nation.	Terrorism should be stopped.	It is needed to educate people to reduce terrorism.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism needs to be defeated using all available means.	The United States had to do something regarding terror following September 11, 2001.	The war on terrorism does not prevent terrorism.	The economic costs of terrorism and human cost is far too much.	War on Terrorism
Radical Islamic terrorists do not portray the beliefs of all muslims.	Government need to increase fighting measure.	US should act seriously on terrorism war.	Military deployment to the Middle East is a necessary to deter terrorism.	War on Terrorism
The war on terror costs too much.	The War on Terrorism required a large amount of funding to be.	Measures to be taken must be preventive to major risks.	The war on terrorism is an invasion of privacy.	War on Terrorism
We have no credible evidence that Iraq and al Qaeda cooperated on attacks against the United States.	The government is trying to use the war on terrorism to scare people.	The CIA use the war on terror to spy on others.	Terrorism will always be ahead of authorities trying to combat it because there is no boundary too great to cross and they will do anything to achieve their results.	War on Terrorism
The United States must appropriate adequate funds to fight terrorism internationally.	Terrorism must be defeated.	God does not approve any war.	War on terriorism kept us safe so far.	War on Terrorism
We use the word terrorist for groups that attack us, and rebels if they attack our enemies.	Torture can be used to extract necessary information.	The war on terrorism has caused more harm to us citizens.	The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizen.	War on Terrorism
Casualties piled by the War on Terrorism are necessary to protect constitutional fundamentals.	We will never be able to eliminate terrorism.	The war on terrorism is too expensive.	Terrorist should be killed without trials.	War on Terrorism
Measures to end terrorism must be maximized.	Terrorism is dangerous to all the world.	Quit spending money overseas.	The War on Terrorism is costing too much.	War on Terrorism
The war on terror kept us safe so far.	Terrorism is a war that effects the world.	The war on terrorism needs to be stopped.	Terrorists are recruiting people via the internet.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism creates more terrorism.	Terrorism should be stopped by any means necessary.	War is sometimes a necessary thing.	Government surveillance may inadvertantly pick up info on unrelated persons.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism will be a part of our world until the end of time, that is one of the costs of freedom of thought.	It is necessary to protect ourselves from viable terrorism.	Spying is a necessary method to prevent terrorists from acting.	The terrorists are very crue to telorate.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism has destroyed too much and needs to end.	The United States is in more debt than ever because of the War on Terrorism.	Torture is a necessary tool in the war on terror.	Immigration into the United States must be monitored and restricted to prevent terrorism within our borders.	War on Terrorism
The War on Terrorism was a necessary defense measure.	The US government must provide measures to prevent war.	President Bush had to make a difficult decisions regarding the War on Terrorism.	We should fight to the finish against Afghanistan.	War on Terrorism
The 9/11 attacks stunned the nation.	The government is spending too much funds on war on terrorism.	Using torture makes us terrorists.	Measures to end terrorism must be maximized.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism has lead to discrimination of muslims.	The War on Terrorism did not boost the economy.	America should control the middle east.	Terrorism must be defeated.	War on Terrorism
Spying is a necessary method to prevent terrorists from acting.	Terrorism should be stopped.	The war on terrorism resulted in more terrorist acts against the United States.	We must fight for our freedoms.	War on Terrorism
We should fight to the finish against Afghanistan.	Terrorism should be countered.	It is necessary to defeat the evils that want to destroy others as their mission.	Torture should not be allowed.	War on Terrorism
The terrorists are very crue to telorate.	It is ok that our taxes support the war on terrorism.	The war on terrorism has caused more harm to us citizens.	The US uses terrorism to justifice violence against other countries.	War on Terrorism
More countries should join forces in combating terrorist.	All Muslims are terrorists.	Too many lives are lost during acts of terrorism.	War on terrorism is good for the country.	War on Terrorism
President Bush had to make a difficult decisions regarding the War on Terrorism.	US should act seriously on terrorism war.	The war on terror kept us safe so far.	Torture is sometimes required to get answers.	War on Terrorism
The War on Terror is unwinnable.	Measures to be taken must be preventive to major risks.	If U.S. citizens have nothing to hide, then they shouldn't be concerned about the government spying on them.	We use the word terrorist for groups that attack us, and rebels if they attack our enemies.	War on Terrorism
The terrorist issue is small compared to other priorities.	The War on Terrorism is costing too much.	Government need to increase fighting measure.	The economic costs of terrorism and human cost is far too much.	War on Terrorism
The United States is in more debt than ever because of the War on Terrorism.	The war on terror costs too much.	Many companies are getting rich by selling wapons agains terrorism.	We should take troops out of the middle east.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism should not be encouraged.	The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizens.	Torture may have some benefits although inhuman.	Terrorism is only a problem in the middle east.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism has to be defeated using all available means.	The war on terrorism does not prevent terrorism.	The 9/11 attacks stunned the nation.	Terrorist should be killed without trials.	War on Terrorism
The US needs to stop their war on terrorism.	Terrorism will be a part of our world until the end of time, that is one of the costs of freedom of thought.	Terrorism needs to end with the hope of peace.	US should not meddle in foreign affairs in the name of defense.	War on Terrorism
Sometimes spying on terrorists can unfortunately reveal about unrelated persons.	The CIA use the war on terror to spy on others.	The war on terror made us look a lot stronger as a nation.	The war on terror having long-term economic effects while we could keep our borders safe here instead.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism needs to be stopped.	War against terrorism is expensive.	War on terrorism should be the priority by the US.	War is sometimes a necessary thing.	War on Terrorism
Measure put in place to allow government more access to private information after the 9-11 terrorist attacks have been mis used.	The US government must provide measures to prevent war.	Terrorism should be defeated but not at the cost of civilian lives.	Eradicating terrorism save many lives.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism will always be ahead of authorities trying to combat it because there is no boundary too great to cross and they will do anything to achieve their results.	Torture can be used to extract necessary information.	Quit spending money overseas.	Government surveillance may inadvertantly pick up info on unrelated persons.	War on Terrorism
Any cost is little if terrorism is eliminated.	The government should have many strategies for the war.	The war on terrorism creates more terrorism.	Jet fuel can't melt steel beams: 9-11 is fake.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism is too expensive.	Terrorism is a war that effects the world.	The government is spending too much funds on war on terrorism.	The government uses war on terror to spy on foreign affairs.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism needs to be destroy  by using tecnology.	The war on terrorism has been minimally effective.	The war or terrorism must be enforced and take seriously.	We have no credible evidence that Iraq and al Qaeda cooperated on attacks against the United States.	War on Terrorism
The United States must work with the international community to defeat terrorism.	The war on terrorism is an invasion of privacy.	War on terriorism kept us safe so far.	The cost of terror has economical and human consequences.	War on Terrorism
The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizen.	The war against Afghanistan was justified by terrorism.	The war against afghanistan was justified by terrorism.	The United States had to do something regarding terror following September 11, 2001.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism must be taken serious.	Terrorists are recruiting people via the internet.	Terrorism is an international threat.	Terrorism needs to be stopped.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism needs to be eliminated once and for all.	The us government need to spot out all the terrorist with intellegence.	Any arrested terrorist should be jailed.	Fighting terrorists only radicalizes more.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism is the biggest problem of our time.	We need to focus on intelligence and infiltrating groups of suspected terrorists.	The government must take care that the taken measures on counter-terror does not affect innocents.	Torture can be a necessary tool in the war on terror.	War on Terrorism
We will never be able to eliminate terrorism.	The government is trying to use the war on terrorism to scare people.	We need to take necessary means to capture terrorists.	We must have a psychological support group for many of the affected by terror.	War on Terrorism
Casualties piled by the War on Terrorism are necessary to protect constitutional fundamentals.	God does not approve any war.	Torture is a necessary tool in the war on terror.	It is needed to educate people to reduce terrorism.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism has destroyed too much and needs to end.	Terrorism needs to be defeated using all available means.	We should not call it a war, as it is totally different than what we think of as a war between countries.	All suspected individual should be well detaned.	War on Terrorism
The War on Terrorism required a large amount of funding to be.	People can not avoid war.	Torture is an ineffective way to extract reliable information from people.	The United States must appropriate adequate funds to fight terrorism internationally.	War on Terrorism
American born terrorists are a bigger threat than middle eastern terrorists.	A person's chances of being killed by a terrorist are astronomically low.	Terrorism should be stopped by any means necessary.	As a bonus, war on terror almost guarantees safety worldwide.	War on Terrorism
It is necessary to protect ourselves from viable terrorism.	The war on terror makes us a police state rather than do much for our world image and sovereignt.	Terrorists lose any kind of human right.	We must protect our country.	War on Terrorism
Fighting terrorism by using bombings that kill civilians creates more terrorists than it kills.	Military deployment to the Middle East is a necessary to deter terrorism.	War on terrorism is a necessary strategy.	Radical Islamic terrorists do not portray the beliefs of all muslims.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism takes many forms and is home grown through the use of the internet and a section of the population that is completely disenfranchised with our society.	USA need more arab people to fight terror.	The war on terrorism is to costly.	Too much lives are wasted because of war on terrorism.	War on Terrorism
The War on Terrorism was a necessary defense measure.	Immigration into the United States must be monitored and restricted to prevent terrorism within our borders.	Terrorism is dangerous to all the world.	Troops lives have been lost for no reason due to the war on terrorism.	War on Terrorism
War against terrorism is expensive.	Casualties piled by the War on Terrorism are necessary to protect constitutional fundamentals.	The terrorists are very crue to telorate.	We must fight for our freedoms.	War on Terrorism
The War on Terrorism was a necessary defense measure.	Measure put in place to allow government more access to private information after the 9-11 terrorist attacks have been mis used.	Sometimes spying on terrorists can unfortunately reveal about unrelated persons.	The war on terror costs too much.	War on Terrorism
We should not call it a war, as it is totally different than what we think of as a war between countries.	The War on Terrorism is costing too much.	Government surveillance may inadvertantly pick up info on unrelated persons.	The war on terrorism is too expensive.	War on Terrorism
Measures to be taken must be preventive to major risks.	Any cost is little if terrorism is eliminated.	Terrorism is a war that effects the world.	War on terrorism is a necessary strategy.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism has lead to discrimination of muslims.	Terrorism should be defeated but not at the cost of civilian lives.	Using torture makes us terrorists.	War on terrorism should be the priority by the US.	War on Terrorism
It is necessary to defeat the evils that want to destroy others as their mission.	The cost of terror has economical and human consequences.	God does not approve any war.	USA need more arab people to fight terror.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism has caused more harm to us citizens.	Eradicating terrorism save many lives.	Torture is an ineffective way to extract reliable information from people.	The war on terrorism does not prevent terrorism.	War on Terrorism
The United States must work with the international community to defeat terrorism.	Too many lives are lost during acts of terrorism.	The United States must appropriate adequate funds to fight terrorism internationally.	We have no credible evidence that Iraq and al Qaeda cooperated on attacks against the United States.	War on Terrorism
People can not avoid war.	Terrorism must be defeated.	Terrorism is dangerous to all the world.	Terrorism has to be defeated using all available means.	War on Terrorism
The war against Afghanistan was justified by terrorism.	The War on Terrorism required a large amount of funding to be.	The war on terror having long-term economic effects while we could keep our borders safe here instead.	A person's chances of being killed by a terrorist are astronomically low.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism has destroyed too much and needs to end.	We need to take necessary means to capture terrorists.	War on terrorism is good for the country.	We must protect our country.	War on Terrorism
US should not meddle in foreign affairs in the name of defense.	It is ok that our taxes support the war on terrorism.	The US needs to stop their war on terrorism.	US should act seriously on terrorism war.	War on Terrorism
The government must take care that the taken measures on counter-terror does not affect innocents.	Terrorism needs to be stopped.	As a bonus, war on terror almost guarantees safety worldwide.	The war on terror makes us a police state rather than do much for our world image and sovereignt.	War on Terrorism
All suspected individual should be well detaned.	Too much lives are wasted because of war on terrorism.	The government uses war on terror to spy on foreign affairs.	We will never be able to eliminate terrorism.	War on Terrorism
The war on terror kept us safe so far.	Torture should not be allowed.	The US government must provide measures to prevent war.	Terrorism takes many forms and is home grown through the use of the internet and a section of the population that is completely disenfranchised with our society.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism will always be ahead of authorities trying to combat it because there is no boundary too great to cross and they will do anything to achieve their results.	Terrorism needs to be eliminated once and for all.	Government need to increase fighting measure.	Measures to end terrorism must be maximized.	War on Terrorism
Spying is a necessary method to prevent terrorists from acting.	Fighting terrorists only radicalizes more.	Military deployment to the Middle East is a necessary to deter terrorism.	Terrorist should be killed without trials.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism should be stopped by any means necessary.	Terrorism needs to be defeated using all available means.	The us government need to spot out all the terrorist with intellegence.	The government should have many strategies for the war.	War on Terrorism
Torture may have some benefits although inhuman.	We should fight to the finish against Afghanistan.	The war or terrorism must be enforced and take seriously.	If U.S. citizens have nothing to hide, then they shouldn't be concerned about the government spying on them.	War on Terrorism
War is sometimes a necessary thing.	Terrorism needs to be destroy  by using tecnology.	The US uses terrorism to justifice violence against other countries.	Terrorists lose any kind of human right.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism is an invasion of privacy.	Troops lives have been lost for no reason due to the war on terrorism.	The war on terrorism has been minimally effective.	It is necessary to protect ourselves from viable terrorism.	War on Terrorism
The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizen.	The war on terrorism resulted in more terrorist acts against the United States.	Terrorism is only a problem in the middle east.	The government is trying to use the war on terrorism to scare people.	War on Terrorism
Terrorists are recruiting people via the internet.	The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizens.	Terrorism should be countered.	Any arrested terrorist should be jailed.	War on Terrorism
Torture is a necessary tool in the war on terror.	Fighting terrorism by using bombings that kill civilians creates more terrorists than it kills.	The war on terrorism is to costly.	The 9/11 attacks stunned the nation.	War on Terrorism
The War on Terror is unwinnable.	Radical Islamic terrorists do not portray the beliefs of all muslims.	Torture is sometimes required to get answers.	The government is spending too much funds on war on terrorism.	War on Terrorism
Torture can be used to extract necessary information.	Terrorism needs to end with the hope of peace.	The war on terror made us look a lot stronger as a nation.	Terrorism should not be encouraged.	War on Terrorism
America should control the middle east.	All Muslims are terrorists.	War on terriorism kept us safe so far.	Immigration into the United States must be monitored and restricted to prevent terrorism within our borders.	War on Terrorism
More countries should join forces in combating terrorist.	Terrorism is an international threat.	We use the word terrorist for groups that attack us, and rebels if they attack our enemies.	President Bush had to make a difficult decisions regarding the War on Terrorism.	War on Terrorism
Torture can be a necessary tool in the war on terror.	The CIA use the war on terror to spy on others.	The war on terrorism creates more terrorism.	American born terrorists are a bigger threat than middle eastern terrorists.	War on Terrorism
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams: 9-11 is fake.	The war on terrorism needs to be stopped.	We should take troops out of the middle east.	Terrorism is the biggest problem of our time.	War on Terrorism
We must have a psychological support group for many of the affected by terror.	The war on terrorism must be taken serious.	The economic costs of terrorism and human cost is far too much.	The War on Terrorism did not boost the economy.	War on Terrorism
Many companies are getting rich by selling wapons agains terrorism.	It is needed to educate people to reduce terrorism.	The war against afghanistan was justified by terrorism.	Terrorism should be stopped.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism will be a part of our world until the end of time, that is one of the costs of freedom of thought.	The terrorist issue is small compared to other priorities.	The United States is in more debt than ever because of the War on Terrorism.	We need to focus on intelligence and infiltrating groups of suspected terrorists.	War on Terrorism
Quit spending money overseas.	The United States had to do something regarding terror following September 11, 2001.	Jet fuel can't melt steel beams: 9-11 is fake.	We have no credible evidence that Iraq and al Qaeda cooperated on attacks against the United States.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism will be a part of our world until the end of time, that is one of the costs of freedom of thought.	It is ok that our taxes support the war on terrorism.	Measures to be taken must be preventive to major risks.	All Muslims are terrorists.	War on Terrorism
War on terrorism is a necessary strategy.	The terrorist issue is small compared to other priorities.	Terrorism should be countered.	USA need more arab people to fight terror.	War on Terrorism
The terrorists are very crue to telorate.	Too much lives are wasted because of war on terrorism.	If U.S. citizens have nothing to hide, then they shouldn't be concerned about the government spying on them.	It is necessary to protect ourselves from viable terrorism.	War on Terrorism
The United States had to do something regarding terror following September 11, 2001.	We should take troops out of the middle east.	The US government must provide measures to prevent war.	Terrorism needs to be destroy  by using tecnology.	War on Terrorism
We must have a psychological support group for many of the affected by terror.	More countries should join forces in combating terrorist.	The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizen.	All suspected individual should be well detaned.	War on Terrorism
The War on Terrorism is costing too much.	Torture is sometimes required to get answers.	The war or terrorism must be enforced and take seriously.	The government is spending too much funds on war on terrorism.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism needs to be defeated using all available means.	As a bonus, war on terror almost guarantees safety worldwide.	War on terrorism is good for the country.	Torture is a necessary tool in the war on terror.	War on Terrorism
The war on terror made us look a lot stronger as a nation.	The government uses war on terror to spy on foreign affairs.	The 9/11 attacks stunned the nation.	The CIA use the war on terror to spy on others.	War on Terrorism
The United States is in more debt than ever because of the War on Terrorism.	Torture is an ineffective way to extract reliable information from people.	The war against afghanistan was justified by terrorism.	It is necessary to defeat the evils that want to destroy others as their mission.	War on Terrorism
We must protect our country.	Measure put in place to allow government more access to private information after the 9-11 terrorist attacks have been mis used.	A person's chances of being killed by a terrorist are astronomically low.	Torture should not be allowed.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism is a war that effects the world.	Torture can be a necessary tool in the war on terror.	Using torture makes us terrorists.	We use the word terrorist for groups that attack us, and rebels if they attack our enemies.	War on Terrorism
The government should have many strategies for the war.	Terrorism needs to end with the hope of peace.	The War on Terrorism was a necessary defense measure.	Military deployment to the Middle East is a necessary to deter terrorism.	War on Terrorism
Casualties piled by the War on Terrorism are necessary to protect constitutional fundamentals.	The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizens.	Terrorism will always be ahead of authorities trying to combat it because there is no boundary too great to cross and they will do anything to achieve their results.	Radical Islamic terrorists do not portray the beliefs of all muslims.	War on Terrorism
Any cost is little if terrorism is eliminated.	President Bush had to make a difficult decisions regarding the War on Terrorism.	The war on terrorism must be taken serious.	The War on Terrorism required a large amount of funding to be.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism must be defeated.	The war on terrorism is to costly.	The war on terrorism creates more terrorism.	Fighting terrorism by using bombings that kill civilians creates more terrorists than it kills.	War on Terrorism
Eradicating terrorism save many lives.	The US uses terrorism to justifice violence against other countries.	Troops lives have been lost for no reason due to the war on terrorism.	Sometimes spying on terrorists can unfortunately reveal about unrelated persons.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism needs to be stopped.	The war on terrorism is too expensive.	Terrorists lose any kind of human right.	Torture can be used to extract necessary information.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism has been minimally effective.	People can not avoid war.	Immigration into the United States must be monitored and restricted to prevent terrorism within our borders.	The war on terrorism has lead to discrimination of muslims.	War on Terrorism
God does not approve any war.	Terrorism should not be encouraged.	It is needed to educate people to reduce terrorism.	We need to take necessary means to capture terrorists.	War on Terrorism
Terrorist should be killed without trials.	The war on terrorism has caused more harm to us citizens.	Too many lives are lost during acts of terrorism.	War is sometimes a necessary thing.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism should be stopped by any means necessary.	The government must take care that the taken measures on counter-terror does not affect innocents.	The War on Terrorism did not boost the economy.	Terrorism has to be defeated using all available means.	War on Terrorism
The war on terror costs too much.	We should not call it a war, as it is totally different than what we think of as a war between countries.	Terrorism is dangerous to all the world.	Fighting terrorists only radicalizes more.	War on Terrorism
The war on terrorism is an invasion of privacy.	The government is trying to use the war on terrorism to scare people.	Terrorism takes many forms and is home grown through the use of the internet and a section of the population that is completely disenfranchised with our society.	Any arrested terrorist should be jailed.	War on Terrorism
Spying is a necessary method to prevent terrorists from acting.	The cost of terror has economical and human consequences.	The US needs to stop their war on terrorism.	Government surveillance may inadvertantly pick up info on unrelated persons.	War on Terrorism
The war against Afghanistan was justified by terrorism.	America should control the middle east.	The war on terror makes us a police state rather than do much for our world image and sovereignt.	Terrorists are recruiting people via the internet.	War on Terrorism
The war on terror having long-term economic effects while we could keep our borders safe here instead.	The war on terrorism resulted in more terrorist acts against the United States.	War against terrorism is expensive.	Many companies are getting rich by selling wapons agains terrorism.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism has destroyed too much and needs to end.	Terrorism should be stopped.	The United States must work with the international community to defeat terrorism.	War on terriorism kept us safe so far.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism is an international threat.	We will never be able to eliminate terrorism.	Terrorism should be defeated but not at the cost of civilian lives.	American born terrorists are a bigger threat than middle eastern terrorists.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism is the biggest problem of our time.	Measures to end terrorism must be maximized.	The war on terrorism needs to be stopped.	US should not meddle in foreign affairs in the name of defense.	War on Terrorism
Terrorism needs to be eliminated once and for all.	The economic costs of terrorism and human cost is far too much.	We must fight for our freedoms.	The War on Terror is unwinnable.	War on Terrorism
US should act seriously on terrorism war.	The war on terrorism does not prevent terrorism.	Torture may have some benefits although inhuman.	The war on terror kept us safe so far.	War on Terrorism
We need to focus on intelligence and infiltrating groups of suspected terrorists.	War on terrorism should be the priority by the US.	The United States must appropriate adequate funds to fight terrorism internationally.	We should fight to the finish against Afghanistan.	War on Terrorism
Quit spending money overseas.	Terrorism is only a problem in the middle east.	The us government need to spot out all the terrorist with intellegence.	Government need to increase fighting measure.	War on Terrorism
