Racists should be sentenced to jail terms.
This country is equal despite what black people want to believe.
Police racial profiling reduces minorities to the status of second class citizens.
The cops should be forced to stop.
Racial discrimination reveals the social backwardness of a society.
What is worse that blacks themselves are falling into racism too.
Not every issue is a race issue and many races face discrimination.
Racism is out of date.
Black people are not inferior and need to stop thinking that way.
Racism should be fought.
All men are created equal.
Black people are often profiled when it comes to criminal matters.
Not all people are equal.
This issues comprises issues of racial profiling and police brutality.
All people are the same regardless of race.
All humans are equal, no matter their race.
Environment inequality still exists for black communities forced to live near chemical plants.
Racial equality is a must.
There must be respect for all races.
Black people are 4 times more likely to attack whites and Hispanics, than whites and Hispanics are to blacks.
Inclusion is a giant step towards a better society.
Police need to be educated on profiling and deescalation techniques.
We are all equal and deserve to be treated as such.
Discrimination with blacks causes degredation of one's self.
There must be equality.
United States criminal justice system.
People should not be discriminated for their skin color.
Both black and white people need to treat authorities with respect.
Individual instances of discrimination are a bigger concern than discrimination against black people.
Although it has declined African Americans are still mistreated.
Racial profiling disparages those it effects.
Black opinions matter.
The us government must try to treat everyone equally.
Every race has experienced racism.
Discrimination against black people still exists.
People in any profession can be racist.
Racial inequality does not only discriminate against one race.
Individual instances of discrimination.
Equality for all is a matter of human rights.
Everybody's life matters.
Black people are 58% of those killed by private citizens by self defence, except 75% of them were killed by other blacks.
Most crime against blacks is not from the police.
No lives should be lost.
Racial profiling has gotten better.
The Black Lives Matter movement encourages racial hate.
Blacks are creative.
The world needs to know that blacks are also humans.
Black lives matter activists are also racist.
People should be treated equally regardless of the skin color.
This country has done nothing to achieve racial equality.
All people are equal regardless of their race.
Skin color is not important.
Racial profiling affects minorities.
All cases of discrimination are important, but racial discrimination must be addressed primarily.
We can all make a better world if we work together.
The USA has worked hard enough to fight racial inequality.
Racial equality is necessary.
Lots of innocently killed blacks have been kids lately.
The country has already done enough to achieve racial equality.
Black people blame everything on their race.
Black people cannot be racist because they aren't in a position of power.
Police brutality should not be allowed in the US.
Discrimination is really bad.
Black people are humans too.
All people should be treated equally regardless of race and color of the skin.
The police looks for blacks to be thieves.
Martin luther king suffered in the flesh this kind of discrimination.
Black should not maltreated.
Black lives matter is taken seriously in the US.
All races do not have equal access to resources and opportunities.
Non white individuals should be treated the same as white.
Historically in the United States there has been discrimination.
Every human is equal.
All races have an equal access to resources.
Racial discrimination has increased over the years.
The electoral college is suspect.
Police racial profiling reduces minorities.
This Is more Of a Movement for Attention, and obviously more money.
Racial profiling is bad.
All white people are racist because of their privilege.
All lives matter.
The greater inequality in a smaller society is the democratic quality of its institutions.
Blacks too must be given priveledges with whites.
The population is not out to get black people.
Any abuse is not acceptable.
Black people still make up a disproportionate share of the prison community.
Black is as important as white.
Discrimination must be severely penalized.
The black lives matter movement is blown out of proportion.
Racists should be punished.
More importance should be placed on blacks.
Black people are unfairly discriminated against.
Discrimination in the usa is a serious issue and needs to be addressed.
Racial discrimination should not be tolerated.
Police profiling is wrong.
The US is not only for white people.
Black lives matter calls for violence against police.
The government needs to do more to stop racism.
Not all races in the usa have equal rights like they should.
Every one has the same rights.
Being racist should be fined.
Blacks are the scum of society.
Black people complain too much.
The world would be safer without black people.
Government should enforced severe punishment against racial profiling.
Black people don't matter any more than anybody else.
There is such thing as racial profiling.
Racial discrimination must be attacked with apprehension.
It would take 40 years for white people to kill as many black people as blacks have killed.
Black people are as human as white people.
All people are good.
Everyone is equal.
Blacks should be regarded.
Black people have been mistreated more by the police.
Everyone should have access to financial success, regardless of skin color.
Rather then just focusing on black people all races need to be treated equal.
The legal system needs to punish cops that take advantage of their position.
Black lives matter doesn't care about black lives.
Black lives matter is based on a flawed premise.
Black Lives Matter are too violent.
Many paople is being discriminated by the legal system.
All citizens of a society have the same rights, regardless of ethnic groups or races.
Discrimination occurs among people of various race, gender and religion.
This issues comprises issues of racial profiling.
People of color are more likely to be born into poverty.
All people are equal.
Black people have the same rights as whites.
Let everyone live.
Whites have more power and they need to use it to raise other racecs, especially black, up.
Black lives matter is important.
Blacks should be respected.
We must maximize campaigns against racism.
Police racial profiling reduces minorities to negative stereotypes.
White people are also sometimes victims of police brutality.
Peaceful protesting is more productive than violent rallies.
