Climate change will make areas of the world uninhabitable within this decade.
The way to treat climate change is by reducing the amount of fossil fuel that is burnt.
Decreasing human water supplies, increased fire frequency, ecosystem change and expanded deserts.
Humans are the cause of pollution which enable climate change.
Climate change will reach a point where there is nothing we can do about it.
Global warming has nothing to do with the change in weather.
Climate change is affecting animals homes.
Extreme weather patterns are part of climate change.
Climate change can be reversed with effort.
Climate change has a lot of research that it is real.
There has been an increase in tropical storms of greater intensity which can be attributed to climate change.
The use of fossil fuels in excess has contributed to climate change.
The high rate of fossil fuels is causing climate change.
Global warming will be solved by technology innovations.
Economic damage to poorer, low latitude countries.
There is not a real contribution of human activitis in Climate change.
Climate change needs to be addressed.
The ice caps are currently melting leading to increases in sea level.
The climate change is caused by most developed country.
Glacier are melting at unprecedented rates due to global warming, causing additional climate change.
Climate change cannot be blamed for every weather phenomenon.
Humans are responsible for the rise in temperatures.
Climate change is already costing money.
People should do their part to protect nature and avoid climate change.
Advertising campaigns that encourage the preservation of the environment.
Hurricanes are due to climate change.
The rising risk of climate change should not be ignored.
Human beings are primarily responsible for global warming.
Humans do not have that large of an impact.
Climate change has always been around.
The ice caps are shrinking at an alarming rate.
Climate change is affected by different human actions.
Climate change is a danger to everything living on Earth.
Climate change is deemed a fact by the scientific community.
Irresponsible acts such as air pollutants, chemicals and human impact erosion contribute to climate change.
Climate change is affecting the polar ice caps.
Stop killing trees will prevent climate change.
Car exhausts can change our climate.
Global warming is a naturally occurring phenomenon unrelated to human activity.
Government should do something to avoid climate change.
Human activity need to be revised to change the effects of climate change.
There are signs of global warming happening all over the world.
Earth's climate is a cycle of change as seen through ice ages and warming periods, in which we are currently in a warming period.
Climate change increases the occurrence of allergic symptoms due to rise in allergenic pollen.
Climate change is responsible for the deaths of polar bears.
Climate change is caused by bad people.
Humans can effect climate change.
Humans are not responsible for climate change.
Climate change increases the likelihood of some diseases.
We should believe in scientists who are experts in the matter.
People should act now to protect earth and avoid climate change.
Global warming is just a strategy to get people to recycle more.
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate.
Many people are not aware of the damage caused by climate change on planet earth.
Climate Change is accelerated by changes in atmospheric concentration of green house effect.
Climate change is responsible for melting glaciers.
People play a huge factor in global warming.
Climate change may also result in cooler weather in some areas.
Climate change is real.
The US should do something about climate change.
Sea levels have already risen in response to climate change.
Decline in rice yields due to warmer nighttime minimum temperatures.
Climate change result in radom rainfall.
Increased hurricane activity and other extreme weather evenys are a result of natural weather patterns not human -caused climate change.
Gas flaring can change our climate.
Climate change causes huge weather occurances.
There will be more rainfall due to climate change.
Polar ice caps melting is due to global warming.
Climate change is costing lives.
Deep ocean currents not human activity or a primary driver of natural climate warming and cooling cycle.
CO2 Levels may be controlled with more trees to prevent climate change.
Climate change is affecting everyone.
People should expect to see more volatile weather patterns resulting from climate change.
Rising of sea temperatures supports climate change.
Climate change is bad.
Natural changes in the sun's activity cannot explain 20th century global warming.
We will see spread in mosquite-borne diseases such as Malaria and Dengue Fever.
Global warming is not real.
Climate change is currently affecting the lives and livelihood of people globally.
Climate change has a big affect on the Earth.
Climate change is serious matter.
Scientific data from the last 100 years have shown climate change to be a fact.
Extremes in climate change can cause fammine, flooding, lack of water and other weather phenomena.
Climate change was made up by the government to keep people in fear.
Climate change causes hotter temperatures.
CO2 emissions are not the only cause for climate change.
The current Climate change is a natural phenomenon.
The change in climate can result from human activities.
Climate Change results in billions of dollars of damage to public infrastructure.
Climate change is caused by humans.
Climate change could be caused my human factors.
Climate change endangers people's health.
We must stop destroying ozone to prevent climate change.
With earths population growing more of the rainforest are being developed and destroyed adding to climate change.
Human activity is primarily responsible for global climate change.
Humans should do all they can to stop climate change.
It is not rising CO2 leels that are the only cause of climate change but certain instances do add to accelerating such.
Man has contributed to climate change.
Humans are not the only animals that cause pollution on this planet that results in climate change.
Climate change is already costing lives.
People are responsible for climate change.
Climate change endangers lives.
Global warming can be treated.
Human produced co2 is re-absorbed by oceans,forests, and other carbon sinks negating any climate changes.
We can see strange weather patterns around the world which is a strong indicator of climate change.
Climate change is destroying the habitat of animals who depend on consistently cold environments.
High rate of emission is causing climate change.
Trump won the election due to his positions on the environment.
Al Gore should practice what he preaches - or go away.
Climate change will cause problems for future generations.
The Bible talks about climate change.
Climate change research shows that it affects us and the earth negatively.
If we do not decrease pollution it will exacerbate climate change.
We are experiencing more extreme weather in recent years.
Preventing activities that cause climate change can prevent further damage.
Species of flora and fauna have disappeared due to climate change issues.
Climate change has cost at least thirty lives from Hurricane Harvey.
Oceans rise due to climate change.
We are still unsure what could cause climate change.
Humanity holds key responsibility for combating climate change.
Other countries, such as China, are worse for the environment than the US.
Climate change extremes are being experienced more regularly in the current century.
People and environment as well as animals have been affected by climate change.
Moving to electrical cars wil stop climate change.
The climate is in a constant cycle and we are currently in a warming period.
Some climate change is part of the earths natural cycle and cannot be blamed on mankind.
Climate change will cause food shortages.
Global warming is the rise in the temperature of the Earth's.
Climate change is leading to some animals dying off.
The sea levels are rising due to climate change.
Different changes in weather does not mean global warming.
Climate change will adversely affect third world countries the most.
Climate change should be examined.
Earth's climate has always warmed and cooled.
Rising levels of atmospheric CO2 do not necessarily cause global warming.
A solution to climate change must be sought soon.
Global warming can change our climate.
Use of certain aerosol substances accelerates global warming.
Climate change is causing flooding due to melting ice caps.
Animals have no responsibility for climate change.
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions will not necessarily stop climate change.
Global warming has been showcased with increased temperatures in dry areas.
