Teaching only evolution does not discriminate religious people.
Parents should help teachers with chats at home.
Evolution is accepted science.
The theory of evolution has many inconcistencies.
Religion belongs in church and at home, not in the federally-funded school system.
Religion and education must be kept separate.
Teaching fact, which can include Bible writings, should be the norm.
Parents should have a say in what they want their children tought.
Only teaching evolution is pushing students to think there are no other beliefs.
Religious symbols do not have a place in public schools.
Everyone has the right to worship his beliefs.
Atheists should be banned from schools.
Teachers should teach creationism and evolution to broaden the students minds.
Children should be taught truthfullt and freely.
Religion should be tantamount to science.
If creationism is taught, then everyone others belief system should be taught.
Creationism is a first amendement right.
Teachers should adhere to the curriculum provided by the school district.
Creationism is not taught in school because it violates separation of church and state.
Creationism should not be tought in a classroom because it goes against some beliefs.
The teachers should take a poll on whether to teach creationism.
Religious symbols should not be allowed in schools.
Creationism is not backed by science.
Every body must be free to choose.
Teaching Creationism is helpful.
Public education should only focus on evolution.
Education on religion must come from the home mainly.
People should be able to choose their own religion.
Creationism in school curricula should be full enforced.
Christian religion should be promoted in schools.
Evolution should be the predominant discipline taught.
Children are pliable.
Creationism can be mentioned in school as something some people believe.
Religious education should stay in the church and home.
The theory of evolution is a very solid theory that the vast majority of scientists agree upon.
All the kids should have the option to choose their religion.
People should be allowed to wear any religious symbols they choose.
Students also hear the about creation and be presented with evidence for creation.
Children should learn religion at home, not in school.
Extremists should be banned from schools.
Freedom to choose without discrimination must be done.
Children have the right to choose their own religion in their school.
Not eveyrone is interested in religion.
Religion should not be enforced in schools but should be taught.
Students should have a choice of what they want to be tought.
Our schools should teach facts, not beliefs.
People who want their kids to learn creationism can send their kids to a Christian school.
The children should know about this.
Public opinion is unimportant to whether creationism belongs in science classes.
Teachers should be able to say what they think as mentors.
Teaching creationism's truth is necessary in upholding the truth of the Bible.
Help open to different opinions.
Each person should be free to choose what to believe in.
Freedom of religion is protected by the consitution.
Teaching creationism as well as evolution gives students freedom to choose.
Religion should not be imposed.
There should be freedom of speech among students.
Freedom of speech does not include the freedom to preach lies as fact.
We should not ban religion signs in schools.
Religion has no place in education.
Teachers should teach all viewpoints on evolution and creationism in school.
The idea that creationists reject mutation or natural selection is ridiculous.
An additional educational subject could be included for this topic.
Freedom of Speech should be allowed for others and a person of common sense and decency will not abuse this right.
Give students the freedom to choose but do not teach them creationism.
Proponents of creationism only want their own religion taught in schools, no one else's.
The school board should decide on a curriculum for all teachers to follow.
Children should have the freedom to decide if they want to learn about either creationism or evolution or both.
People in schools should not be made fun of for their religion.
Scince always must be first.
We should not combine schools and religion.
By leaving religion out of the classroom, we respect the plurality of contrary views.
Freedom of speech should apply to everyone in schools.
Public schools must adhere to fact.
We must separate church and state.
There should not be seperation between state and relegion.
Children should have the freedom not to be misled.
Students should be able to learn what they are comfortable learning.
Parents should teach the creationism in house too.
Separation of church and state: The words SEPARATION and CHURCH are not in the US Constitution.
Freedom of expression is vital to our liberties.
Creationism must be taught in school curriculum.
Parents should teach teir beliefs to their children.
Teaching creationism improves social union.
Schools should accept different points of view.
Religion should not be in schools.
Inclusion is always better than seclusion.
Teachers should not be able to teach students stuff that the students may not believe.
Children should know these things from a young age.
Creationism should be taught in school but so should evolution.
By banning religious symbols you are banning people from expressing their diverse views.
Childrens should have the option to participate or not in the religious activities on school.
Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they want to teach to children.
Students should have the freedom to learn creationism if they wish.
Teachers should not force students to learn evolution.
The uniqueness that each student brings to the classroom should be celebrated by allowing each student the opportunity to show and tell anything - including their AWANA book, a Bible, the Koran, a hajib, etc.
Creationism should include just Christian beliefs versus evolution.
Children should have their own choice to learn what they want.
All theories should be taught in school.
Teachers should not have freedom to teach whatever they wish as fact.
Religon must be taught in school.
Secularism should be strictly enforced in schools.
Freedom of speech should apply to teachers as much as anyone else.
Our school kids deserve the right to hear about creation in school.
Creationism is a good method that should be applied in all schools.
God made science.
Creationism should not be denied by those who do not believe and evolution as science and verifiable fact should be accepted teaching as well.
Children have the freedom to choose.
Allowing students the right to learn bothevolution and creationism opens their minds to understanding the views of others.
Teachers should have a certain curricula to follow what to teach to children.
Knowing about Creationism is important.
Teachers who wished to present a balanced approach to this particular hypothesis should be free.
Education should broaden our horizons. Showing the differences between evolution and creationism allows each student to choose.
Religion belief should be respected.
Teachers should not be allowed to teach whatever they wish.
Teaching evolution exclusively is dangerous to science and reason.
Everyone should be free of thought.
Many people believe in creationism.
Creationism is unscientific.
Religious schools can teach creationism if that is that is their religion's belief.
Creationism should be taught at home only.
People should be able to express their religion through symbols even at schools.
Religion has no place in a school.
Schools can imply either a myopic or anti-religious outlook.
Multiculturalism encourages the teachings of all cultures and beliefs.
Science must be taught in detail, not creationism which lacks any kind of facts.
We are a multicultural society. Differences in the way people choose to live should be taught in the classroom.
Attempts to conceal the creationism-evolution controversy from students are dogmatic promotions of evolution.
Scientific fact only should be taught in school.
