We spend too much on foreign aid.
Foreign aid should be time limited to prevent dependence.
Our taxes are being used to Foreign aid.
US should make their spending transparent so as to avoid abuse of power.
The US should use funding to better the lives of US citizens.
Foreign aid should be emphasised.
The US shouldn't be borrowing money at all.
The foreign aid budget should be made transparent.
Usa should help itself first.
Foreign aid should be a collective system.
The US should play a major role in foreign aid.
We need to focus on ourselves before others.
One must measure to what extent united states can help another country.
Foreign aid could improve the diplomatic relationships.
Foreign aid help other nations fight drugs and other problems like HIV/AIDS.
Foreign aid should not be provided to countries who support terrorism.
Foreign Aid must be limited to very poor countries.
Foreign aid should be limited to develop basic infrastructure.
US should give foreign aid if US can get something in return.
The budget for foreign aid should be more effective.
Foreign aid is a voluntary transfer of resources from one country to another.
Foreign aid can help with social issues.
The U.S. should stay focused on solving its own problems.
Helping the poor to survive.
We need a more efficient budget for foreign aid.
Helping is always a good example.
The need to borrow fund to allow others to borrow funds is ridiculous.
Foreign aid from the us should be used to help better the lives of less fortunate people.
It is best to make grow instead of Aid.
Can help great strides in the future.
This issue is about whether the US should be sending foreign aid and how this aid should look like.
More foreign aid should be sent to countries in need.
Foreign Aid is humanitarian act by the US.
Foreign aid helps improve education in third world countries.
The US should limit foreign aid in order to help domestic agendas.
There are many countries that require foreign aid.
Foreign aid promotes better relationships among countries.
We should not be borrowing to fund foreign aid.
US should focus on their own spending habits.
The U.S. should only help countries that have helped the U.S. at one time or another.
Foreign aid should be a source of help.
Foreign aids can save lives.
Extending foreign aid will help other countries be more independent.
It is the U.S.'s duty to support other countries.
Foreign economies flourish thanks to foreign aid.
Foreign aid is useful in general.
Foreign aid should not provide funds for military actions.
Foreign trade should be encouraged.
Foreign aids uplift corruption.
Foreign aid should be encouraged.
The country already has too much debt to afford helping other countries.
The foreign aid budget should be made more effective and transparent.
Foreign aid is necessary in order to maintain a good rapport with other countries.
We should rethink how foreign aid is administered.
Methods need to be in place to ensure foreign aid is being sent to what it was intended for.
Foreign aid should be limited to countries who will accept humanitarian relief without strings attached.
Trade can be a great benefactor in help and future trade.
The focus should be on aid, not trade.
We should focus on Foreign Aid rather than defense.
The foreign aid can help ease poverty in poor countries.
The focus should be on improving trade unions with other countries.
The government should destinate some funds to foreign aid.
Foreign helps promote peace.
The focus of aid should be on securing the lives of other citizens from other countries.
The Us is losing money because of the Aid.
Foreign aid is to promote peace and good relations.
Foreign aid should be focused on African countries.
The U.S. should take care of its own first.
Foreign aid decreases the spread of AIDS in Africa.
Stop borrowing money and raise tax payers dollars.
US should put a limit to the Foreign Aid.
Helping other countries will only increase those nations' dependence on the U.S.
Foreign aid helps developing countries stay politically stable.
Foreign aid should not be our main focus.
We should consider helping more than attacking.
The us needs to track better the use of the foreign aid.
The us should be helping less fortunate countries.
We should clearly know where our funding is going and why.
The US should continue to provide foreign aid.
US should focus less on the army and focus more on aid.
It is better to teach those to defend themselves to provide future security and hope.
Foreign aid should be increased, especially following natural disasters around the world.
Foreign aid ends up in the hands of despots.
Foreign aid is important to improving the quality of life for international citizens.
The focus should be on the development of other countries.
Foreign aid budget should be more effective.
We should increase aid to well established groups like doctors without borders and the peace corps.
Our country should not borrow money in order to fund foreign aid.
Every developing country needs foreign aid.
The US should not provide aid to countries that are against American ideals.
Foreign aid is good for business.
Foreign aid helps allies to become successful nations.
Foreign aid should concentrate on sustainable development.
Foreign aid can lead to further difficulties for both countries.
We should focus on helping ourselves first before providing aid.
Foreign aid is beneficial to involved countries, the donor and recipient.
Spending should focus on defence rather than aid.
To be independant of other equipping those with the capabilities to defend is a lifelong lesson.
Foreign aid should have a portion set aside for countries suffering national disasters.
Foreign aids promotes corruption.
Foreign aid from the us should be used for shelter for less fortunate people.
Starving children are helped with foreign aid donations.
The US should think more before they spend aid.
Defence assistance can help teach way to fend for one's country for future prosperity.
It is our duty to help other humans.
We should give all we can to help countries that need it.
We should be working to help countries become self sufficient.
Foreign aid could improve the status of America.
We need to assess foreign aid and how it can be spent more effectivly.
Foreign aid promotes better relationships between countries.
Foreign aid should be corruption free.
Foreign aid should not contribute to our debt.
The US should not provide aid to countries that violate human rights.
US should stop foreign aid and think America first.
Foreign aid from one country should not be borrowed by the giver as this is senseless.
Foreign aid helps those who are caught in crises.
Foreign aid is necessary to preventing the spread of global pandemics.
The lifes of Africa are imparted.
Foreign aid helps those in crises.
America should help other Countries that need help.
Foreign Aid helps form new potential allies.
Foreign aid is important.
US spending should not be on social welfarism of other countries.
The government should help less privileged country.
US spending should focus on defence rather than aid.
The foreign aid can be expensive for taxpayers.
We need to budget more closely on foreign aid.
Private charities are more effective than foreign aid.
The focus should be on helping other countries.
Foreign aid ends up funding terrorism.
People have the right to know where there taxes are going and why.
We should look more closely into how foreign aid is being spent.
Foreign aid should be based on need, not promoting u.s. interests.
Transparency in all aspects of foreign aid should be a right bestowed by the people of the country providing aid.
The foreign aid budget should be made more effective.
African need foreign aids.
Other countries should step up and help themselves.
Trade and aid should be equal considerations.
Foreign leaders should be thankful for our help in giving citizens the ability to have clean drinking water.
The us should not be helping other countries.
Trade should receive more attention rather than focusing on aid.
Foreign Aid is too expensive.
We should be spending money on our own country.
Foreign aid does more to improve our relationship with the rest of the world than it costs us.
America is way better off financially than most countries of the world.
The focus should be on trade not on aid.
Foreign aid does not go to the people because of corruption.
It is needed to aid ourselves before aid foreigner.
Foreign aid lead to further difficulties for both countries.
There should be more funding of foreign aid.
