Gender equality is about the acceptance of role models.
Employers benefit when hiring based an skill and capability, not gender.
Women should be able to have the same opportunities as men.
Gender never makes someone look dull instead it makes a person look lively.
There is no clear link between having gender quotas and economic growth.
Wages should not be based on gender.
Men need women.
Gender equality is a basic human right.
Gender equality is stupid.
Women are more powerful than men.
The training of women in scientific knowledge gives them legitimacy to defend themselves and dismantle negative stereotypes.
Men can easily be home stay at home dads.
Women need men.
If women want to be paid the same as men, then they need to work just as hard.
Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender to achieve positive economic impact.
Gender inequality is the main source of sexual harrasment in various countries.
Women are just as capable as men.
A woman should have the right to choose her own path.
Gender equality is part of human rights.
Gender quotas support economic growth.
A women should be hired and promoted based on merit alone.
Women fought hard for rights and should be treated as equals.
Gender equality is good for the society.
We should promote the inclusion of women in men's activities.
Gender equality is the state of equal ease of access to resources and opportunities regardless of gender.
The society needs woman.
Sexual harrasment has done more harm to women.
Recognition in professional contribution must be evaluated by the ability and skill of the individual, not by their gender.
There are laws that should be better enforced to protect womens rights.
Decreasing the importance of women in the workforce does not improve work performances.
All people should be treated equally.
Companies should promote gender equity.
Women are usually stereotyped into the housewife role.
More women are becoming better educated than men.
Feminists are way too out of proportions.
The wage gap is a made up thing.
A family must have a paternal and maternal figure.
Gender equality provides empowerment for everyone.
Gender equality has come a long way.
Women should have the same opportunities as men.
Women who choose to be stay at home mothers should not be looked down on by society.
Women should not be in the army (direct combat forces).
If someone wants to hire a male over a female then let them.
When a woman is educated she lifts the community and the nation.
There is no such thing as a glass ceiling anymore.
Women’s rights have well found legal basis.
Women should be paid less because they are more expensive employees.
Gender equality is a desired, possible and realistic goal.
Women should have the same rights than men.
Equality is not limited by law.
Gender does not prevent females to do what the want.
Gender Equality can generate great advances.
God created man and woman to be together.
What's good for a man is also good for a woman.
The bibles role models are dumb and should be discarded.
Education empowers women and girls as well as the employment community.
Hiring should be done on a person's talent and not their gender.
Gender equiality is a must.
Gender equality is a global need.
Same rights same duties.
Woman should be provided the sam benefits as a man for doing the same job.
Everybody should have the right to work regardless of gender.
Gender equality is against religion.
People shouldn't look at things such as man or woman.
Everybody should have the right to live regardless of gender.
We shouldn’t oppose biblical roles of husbands & wives.
It is a woman's choice to be educated or a mother.
Sexism in the workplace is a thing of the past.
Gender Equality exposes women to risks.
Human rights cannot be achieved until there is gender equality.
Skills and qualifications should matter more than gender.
Gender discrimination should be frown at.
The society has to understand that women are equal to men.
The condition of woman's mother makes her different from men.
Women can be bread winners in the household.
Opportunities should be just as open to women as men.
Families were stronger when women stayed home and only the men worked.
A woman is a man's best friend.
Women should be able to move up in the workplace without discrimination.
Women are the mothers of the society.
Feminism is nothing but a male bashing movement.
Women can be as good workers as men.
Places don't hire people based on gender.
Every gender should have specific duties and rights.
Women should have the same right as men.
The rights of women are equal to those of men.
Women should be paid equal to men.
Sanctions should be applied to gender discriminators.
Gender inequality must be eliminated.
Women should be paid the same as men.
Public and private institutions should hire people based on skills not gender.
Public and private institutions should hire people based.
Women are often discriminated against in the workforce and that needs to change.
Gender equality opens opportunities for the female community.
Women are more capable than men for many things.
Everybody should be treated equally regardless of gender.
You should be judged on who you are not your gender.
Not having a family in classic role models does not set a good example for the child.
Men and women have innate differences.
Women should be given a chance like men.
Gender inequality affects both genders.
Everyone is equal.
Women can be as successful as men.
Females are just as capable as males.
No one should judge a person by their gender.
Women and men have different strengths.
Gender should be overlooked when choosing criteria comes in.
Women are as important as men.
Avoid gender discrimination with campaigns.
Women are not taken seriously in business.
If a female wants to work and the guy wants to stay home, who cares.
There are some jobs that women are better suited for just as there are some jobs men are better suited for.
Not having good role models make children to fall into crimes.
Human right can be achieved regardless of gender equality.
Gender equality is desired by the majority of people.
Women should be treated as men.
Women should have the same rights as men.
Women should have more access to affordable childcare.
Gender equality is not inline with religion.
Abolition of gender discriminating laws.
Instead of fighting for gender equality, we must fight for gender equity.
Gender inequality hinders the rights of people.
Education empowers a business and further education among women benefits an employer.
Women can be as hard workers as men.
Mens should help their wifes at home duties.
A woman's physical condition makes her unsuitable for certain jobs.
What a man can do a woman can do better.
Women and men should be treated the same.
Females and males are equal.
Gender equality can cause problems with the Constitution.
