Gun ownership may deter crime.
Owning a gun can deter criminals.
Only officers should carry a weapon.
There are legitimate reasons for people owning guns.
Civilians should not poses gun.
Guns are sometimes used in self defense.
Having guns is a protection against robbers.
Guns should be limited.
Celebrities, such as Rosie O'Donnel who has a security detail but wants to take guns away from average citizens, should practice what they preach.
Many people are responsible gun owners.
People should be allowed to own as many guns as they want.
Not every one must have a gun.
Owning guns is a fundamental right.
Gun restrictions leave the citizens open to abuse from the government, and leave them vulnerable for a fully police state.
Use of guns must be prohibited among some age groups.
Guns pose a threat in families.
Too much guns in circulation can kill alot.
In a certain part to eliminate the arms would be to end the delinquency.
Guns should be legal for everyone.
Guns increase murders.
Anyone should be able to own a gun.
Guns should be registered.
While it might be reasonable for individuals to own handguns, the ownership of semi-automatic guns should be restricted.
People should not be allowed to conceal carry without a permit.
Open carry deters violence.
Guns can be stored safely at home.
Guns possessions should be reduced.
Guns are a protection against political tyranny.
Gun owners need to be required to have a background check.
Illegal guns should be eliminated.
Gun rights is part of being american.
Should be able to carry whatever gun you want whenerever.
Gun rights are apart of our freedom.
Banning guns only makes people more vulnerable.
Gun ownership is too highly regulated.
All Guns should be banned.
Guns don't kill people, people do.
Handguns are required for symbolic reasons.
Gun ownership should not be banned altogether.
Guns are rarely used For Defense purpose.
Guns should only be used if there are no other options.
Everyone should own a gun.
The gun industry is too heavily regulated.
Gun owners should be required to take a gun safety course.
Banning guns is a violation of the 2nd amendment.
The possession of free weapons would increase the mortality rate in society.
Guns are rarely used in self defense.
Guns should be locked up when not in hunting season.
Guns are cool.
Gun owners should only be able to carry 1 weapon on their person.
We should evaluate who can carry a weapon.
Guns are necessary.
Gun control is a must.
Guns are dangerous to civilians.
Guns per capita should be monitored.
There should be a more strict background check for buyign a gun.
It is dangerous to own a gun.
Guns are legitimately used for hunting.
Guns are also used in hunting.
You shouldn't have to register every gun.
Gun ownership leads to unnecessary killings.
The founding fathers intended for the military to have the right to bear arms, not ordinary citizens.
No Guns should be banned.
Criminals don't obey laws.
Gun ownership can be responsible and regulated.
Gun ownership deters crime.
Circulation of gun should be limited.
Gun ownership should be reduced.
This issue is about the kind of the amount of and under what circumstances citizens are allowed to possess and bear guns.
Gun owners should be registered.
A gun in a household is dangerous for children.
People who have a lot of guns sometimes become murders.
Everyone should support the 2nd amendment.
Widespread gun ownership leads to mass killings.
Handguns should be allowed for everyone.
When tension mounts, it will eventually erupt in the most unpleasant of ways.
Guns help protect families.
Criminals will circumvent gun laws.
There should be limits on automatic weapons.
What circumstances citizens are allowed to possess and bear guns.
Banning guns is like banning forks in an attempt to stop making people fat.
Guns should be only allowed to the military.
We should teach people from an early age the damage that they can do, how to properly and safely use them.
The people who use guns for crimes usually obtain them illegally anyways.
Weapons are necessary to defend ourselves.
Gun ownership only reasserts violence.
People must be trained before to buy a gun.
Gun owners should have to pass a psych evaluation every year.
Handguns are required for symbolic reasons -- as a defence against the state monopoly of power.
Background should be checked carefully before giving selling arms to them.
All guns should be registered.
Guns are much less likely to attempt a crime.
Automatic weapons with high capacity magazines are involved in nefarious acts and crimes.
There should be no restrictions on gun laws.
Guns should act like a means of defence.
Guns can too easily fall into the wrong hands.
Gun registration laws should increase.
Gun owners should register their arms.
If guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.
Gun owners should be required to take a safety test.
Criminals will always find a way to have a gun.
High-capacity magazines should be banned.
The use of weapons must be regulated or eliminated.
The numbers of guns owned should be limited.
Guns are used in self defense in the home.
Banning guns won't prevent criminals from acquiring them.
Restrictions on gun ownership will only encourage outlaws to have heavy ammunition and high calibre weapons.
People with a history of gun violence should not be allowed to own firearms.
Gun ownership is protected in the constitution.
Guns are a form of protection not a form of mass mudering.
Guns can help ward off criminal acts.
Guns should only be issued for hunting.
Guns should be heavily regulated.
Childredns are dying at schools because of guns usage.
Although guns are to be a great aid for self-defense this is not a typical usage by gun owners and guns.
High-capacity magazines should be banned because they too often turn murder into mass murder.
Gun rights are necessary.
Guns should be allowed just for law enforcement and army,navy,etc.
Guns are part of our history.
Gun ownership should not be limited.
Gun owners should be imprisoned if they don't follow applicable laws.
Guns are rarely used in self-defense.
Gun owners should only be able to carry a certain amount of ammunition.
All guns should be licensed.
Most mass shootings involve guns that were obtained illegally.
Gun ownership should be very closely regulated.
People who own guns are not more likely to mass kill.
Handgun ownership is not only symbolic but is a right of the American people.
Owning guns should be a right but monitored.
We don't need more and/or tighter gun control.
Gun licenses should include a mental health evaluation.
Guns are a vital form of protection for people.
We should take off guns from streets.
The NRA holds guns as a symbol of our right to protect themselves and others in various instances in which safety is threatened.
Guns aren't the only weapons that kill. Timothy McVeigh used a rental truck and fertilizer.
Guns aren't promoting safety.
Gun owners must be registered.
Guns can be used in self-defense.
People with mental issues whould not be allowed to carry guns.
Evaluate rights and duties when carrying a weapon.
Gun owners should be required to complete training on the appropriate use of the firearms they own.
Majority of mass murders use legal weapon.
Owning a gun makes people feel much safer in their home.
Guns within the city can be hazardous.
Gun owners should limit their arms.
