Marijuana has been proven to help with migraines.
Legalizing marijuana use allows police authorities focus on other crimes.
Decriminalizing marijuana redirects the profit from the black market to government funding.
Legalization of marijuana would increase the index of delinquency.
The consumption on marijuana can lead to more serious drug use.
Marijuana is and should be illegal. End of conversation.
There is nothing wrong with marijuana.
If cigarettes are legal Marijuana should be to because marijuana  is healthier  for you than tobacco.
Government should not approve the legalization of Marijuana.
Marijuana should be as readily available as cigarettes are.
Overuse of marijuana can be problematic.
Marijuana is not healthy.
Marijuanna use can help cope with stress.
Legalization of marijuana can entail encouragement and may cause people to recklessly engage in other illegal drugs.
Legalizing marijuana would keep individual states from violating the federal law.
Expanding marijuana legality encourages illegal use.
Legalizing marijuana lowers crime (no dealers etc.).
Marijuana use can help people suffering from pain or chronic illness.
Cannabis is nontoxic.
Marijuana could help people with eating disorders.
Marijuana use will not increase just because it is legalized.
Marijuana is fun.
Allowing the legal use of marijuana will prevent drug dealers from selling it.
Marijauna kills brain cells.
Legalizing marijuana reduces the prison population.
It is impossible to overdose on marijuana.
Marijuana has some effective uses.
Those that are capable of responsible usage in regards to medicinal purposes should be allowed access to legal marijuana.
Marijuana use is less dangerous than alcohol use.
Marijuana alleviates the suffering of people with chronic diseases.
Keeping marijuana illegal just leads to increased police efforts to stop the use of the drug.
Marijuana smoking is an offence.
Legalization of marijuana will result to people not pushing hard drugs.
Marijuana should be denied to people.
Marijuana is addictive.
No drugs at all should be legalized.
Medical marijuana can benefit terminally ill.
Cannabis saves lives.
Marijuana can help cancer patients feel better.
Marijuana should be made legal.
Legalization may make it appear that drugs are more acceptable for recreational usage.
Marijuana should be legalized and approve for medical issues.
Marijuana helps suffering of diseases.
Marijuana has helped several incurable diseases.
Marijuana can be used strictly for medical use of relieving pain.
The sale of Marijuana can help boost the economy.
Legalization can cause competition with people in places where it is illegal.
Policing marijuana is not worth the effort and has led to brutality.
Marijuana legalisation can be hazardous.
Legalization won’t lead to increased use.
Proper administration and monitoring of marijuana can keep use safe and useful.
Marijuana causes damage to the Brain.
Marijuana can be used to treat physical and mental conditions.
The benefits of the criminalization of marijuana are minuscule to nonexistent.
The government should not promote the use of marijuna.
Marijuana can help with a number of health conditions.
Marijuana has side effects.
Making cannabis illegal has not discouarged its use.
Legalization should conly occur once laws surrounding when and where marijuana use is allowed are established.
Marijuana is a gateway drug.
The whole process is of legalisation could have adverse effects on the masses.
Marijuana helps glaucoma patients deal with their sight issues.
Marijuana alleviates the suffering of people with chronic diseases. .
The government should legalize marijuana nationwide.
Marijuana has many health benefits that have yet to be explored.
Legalizing marijuana can allow another tax revenue.
Marijuana helps some people out in life.
Marijuana would cost society less if it were legal because the government could control the quality.
Legalization of Marijuana will result in an increase of Stoned Driving and Related Cases.
Marijuana causes memory loss.
Legalizing marijuana increases revenue for states.
Marijuana is less harmful than other drugs (such as alcohol).
Marijuana helps treat a number of diseases.
Legalizing marijuana will keep people out of jail.
Marijuana is not just a recreational drug.
People who smoke marijuana perform just as well at their jobs as people who don't smoke marijuana.
Marijuana should be completely legal but subject to the same rules as liquor.
Legalization of Marijuana should not be approved.
Marijuana prohibition has proved ineffective at preventing marijuana usage.
There have been no overdoses or risks with the use of marijuana.
Legalizing marijuana helps people with chronic pain.
No one is harmed in the consumption of marijuana.
Cannabis has medical properties.
Legalizing marijuana will stimulate the local economy.
Marijuana is bad for your health.
Expanding the legal use of marijuana makes the illegal use easier.
People with chronic illness have benefited by the use of Marijuana.
Legal authorities will benefit from legalizing marijuana as it will reduce illegal use and prosecutions.
Legalization of marijuana promotes violence in the streets.
Legalizing marijuana removes the forbidden fruit factor of its use.
The Founding Fathers grew and smoked hemp.
Marijuana is incorrectly labelled as a Class 1 Narcotic.
Promoting the use of marijuana will increase damage of human brain.
Marijuana should be legalized for medical purposes only.
Freely available marijuana condones its recreational use.
Marijuana is recognized in the medical profession as an aid for the greatly sick people.
Marijuana is less harmful than consuming legal substances such as alcohol or tobacco.
Drug abuse can kill.
Legalizing marijuana opens a new market and strengthens the economy.
Marijuana can be harmful.
Legalizing medical maraijuana creates a new tax base.
Legalizing marijuana would make it safer because the production process would be regulated.
Marijuana should be legailzed.
Marijuana eases pain.
The accepatance of legal marijuana can cause people to become lax in other drug use.
Decriminalizing marijuana can lead to decreased crime rates.
Marijuana use can lead to other drug use.
Legalization of marijuana removes the profit incentive for drug cartels.
Prohibition has enormous social costs.
Marijuana has medical benefits.
Cannabis is not physically addictive.
Freely available marijuana encourages recreational use.
Marijuana as being legal can create a delusion with young people that it is okay and may lead to extensive drug use.
Legalization of Marijuana will be very important to sick people.
Marijuana users have a greater risk of having children with ADD and other similar conditions.
Medicinal marijuana should be legalized.
Marijuana should be scarce.
Exceptions should be considered allow people with medical issues that will benefit from legalization of Marijuana.
Marijuana could cause harm to society.
Marijuana is not a drug.
Marijuana is a less dangerous drug than alcohol.
Medical marijuana can aid in methods that do not improve health.
Marijuana use is less addictive than tobacco use.
Promoting any drugs can be a gateway to harder drugs.
Marijuana should be discouraged.
There is no correlation between marijuana use and harder drug use.
Legalization of Marijuana is good for the economy.
Making marijuana legal limits issues of crossing state lines.
Legalization results in a reduction in the Business for Drug Dealers (Including Terrorists).
Legalizing medical marijuana will reduce illegal sale of marijuana.
Legalizing marijuana will make it easier for people to become addicted to it.
The government should discourage any drug usage.
If Marijuana gets legalized it should pay big amounts of taxes.
Legalizing marijuana creates a danger of second-hand smoke to Bystanders.
Cannabis has legitimate medical effects.
Marijuana is proven to have medical benefits.
People who use marijuana are mentally stuck at the age they were when they began using the drug.
Marijuana is safer than cigarettes and alcohol.
