Marriage is for everyone.
Same sex Marriaged should not get especial legal treatment.
It is wrong to discriminate against homosexuals.
Allowing same-sex marriage will lead to an increase in the AIDS epidemic.
Same-sex marriage should be allowed as they are humans who feel emotions as well.
Same sex adopting could solve the issue of overcrowded orphanages.
Not all marriages reproduce, so same sex couples should not be treated differently just because they cannot biologically reproduce with each other.
The Bible is against homosexuality.
Gay people can be just fine parents.
Gay couples make good parents.
Gay people should have the same rights as straight people.
For tax purposes same sex couples should be able to file jointly.
Marriage is a legal contract and should be open to all consenting adults.
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples because they cannot produce children together.
Legalizing same-sex marriage promotes and advances the homosexual agenda  with children being targeted.
The bible defines homosexual acts as abominations. End of conversation.
One person's believes should not affect another persons rights.
Religious beliefs should not enter into the right to marry.
Same sex marriage should be allowed.
Gay people should have the right to get married.
Adoption by same sex partners can provide a home to a child in need.
Love is love no matter the gender.
It is unfair not to afford homosexuals the same rights.
Homosexuals should have the same rights as heterosexuals.
Same-sex marriage should not be legalized.
Legalizing same sex marriage protects the partners.
God intended marriage to between a man and woman only.
Legalizing same sex marriage protects the children of these unions.
Gay marriage is a slippery slope to normalizing other fetishes.
Allowing gay marriage is encouraging same sexual relationships that can lead  to AIDs.
Legalization of gay marriage leads down the slippery slope of eliminating gender identity  leading to gender confusion.
Same-sex marriage violated the word of God thus is incompatible with the beliefs of many religions.
Every person should have the right to marry who they choose.
There should be the same conditions for gay and heterosexual couples.
Gay couples are a good example for all the people.
In the instance that it is believed marriage is for reproduction purposes same sex marriages do not fit this standard.
Same sex marriage increases the chances of leading to other unaccepted marriages (e.g. with animals) and non traditional marriages.
There is no evidence that same-sex couples are any more likely to get divorced than opposite-sex couples.
Same-sex marriages increase the chances of leading to other unaccepted love-forms such as incest, polygamy and bestiality.
Marriage should not be a political argument.
Everybody have freedom of their choice and therefore should be entitled for same sex marriage.
We all must have the same rights.
Gay couples should have the same rights as other couples.
Banning same-sex marriage is a violation of the separation of church and state.
Marriage is an international recognized human right for all people.
Same sex violate the word of God hence is incompatible with the belief of many religions.
Marriage equality provides legitimacy to already existing relationships.
Same-sex couples are just as capable  of forming a family unit.
Same-sex marriage allows same sex couples to share health insurance benefits like any other married couple.
Allowing same-sex marriage will create a "slippery slope" where people will begin to fight for other alternative marriages  such as polygamy.
Same-sex marriage will speed up the assimilation of gay individuals into the mainstream heterosexual culture which will be detrimental to the homosexual community.
Same sex marriage is not moral.
Human rights encompass all equally.
Marriage was God's idea. He defined it as between a man and a woman only. End of conversation.
If same sex couples were to adopt it would confuse the child.
Gay Marriage should be legalized.
Denying marriage to only certain groups is discrimination.
Parenting capabilities should not be determined by whether a person is gay or not as parents from opposite sex marriages are also capable of bad parenting.
Same sex couples should have access to the same benefits and securities as couples of opposite sex.
Gay couple are responsible like a heterosexual couple.
It is immoral to deny same sex couples the right to marry.
Legalization of Same-sex Marriage is not Natural.
People should have the same benefits in regards to marriage no matter what.
Same-sex couples should have access to the same benefits enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.
Homosexuals can be as good a person as a heterosexual.
The Supreme Court overstepped its bounds by allowing same-sex marriage.
How does traditional marriage between a man and a woman equal marriage between two men or two women? It doesn't!.
Same sex partners deserve the same rights others.
Same-sex marriage demeans heterosexual marriage.
Gay people have shown to raise children well or better like other couples.
Same-sex couples should have the possibility of making a family.
Same sex couples should have the same financial obligations in divorce that heterosexual couples do.
Same sex marriage shouldn't be up for debate.
Homosexuals should be able to adopt kids.
Homosexuality is a sin.
Same sex marriage should not be legalized because its againts God's will.
Homosexuality is not a disease.
Marriage is a holy union for man amd woman, not woman and woman or man and man.
It is not ok to let children see same sex couples.
Marriage is between two people not the government.
Same sex Marriage childrens will be victims of bullying.
There is more domestic abuse in homosexual couples.
A persons sexuality does not determine if they are good parents.
Singling out and denying a group to marry based upon their sexual orientation is discrimination and subsequently creates a second class of citizens.
Legalization of same sex marriage are good for LGBT community.
Same sex marriage doesn't affect ones parenting style.
Marriage should only be between a man and a woman.
Legalization of same sex marriage should be approved because it's their choice.
Marriage is a religious commitment.
Everyone deserves the freedom to commit themselves to their partner.
Marriage is an internationally recognized human right for all people.
The biological part should play major role in taking decisions on same sex-marriage.
All of age and sound mind human beings should be able to choose freely to whom they want to marry. it is not a choice for the government to limit.
Same sex marriages should not be denied and marriage is marriage regardless.
Saying that gay people should get married is like saying that a brother can marry his sister  both are at higher risk of disease.
Same sex marriage is unlike any other marriage.
Same-sex marriage undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as being between a man and a woman.
Children of same-sex couples will turn out gay.
Gay couple shouldn't be discriminated.
Allow same sex couple.
Homosexual marriage is not somthing out of the norms.
Same-sex couples should have their rights protected by the government.
Same-sex marriage is consistent with homosexuality which is immoral and unnatural.
Love is a right for everyone.
Same sex marriage is relative to people's culture and belief.
Same-sex couples should have the same duties as heterosexuals marriages.
Same sex couples should have the same financial benefits as other couples.
Same sex couples should have the same benefits as heterosexual couples.
Gay couples who want to raise children should have the same rights as opposite sex couples.
Same-sex couples have the right to be happy.
Same sex couple love just as do everyone else and are entitled the right to the same benefits as other human beings.
Same-sex marriage undermines the institution of marriage that has traditionally been defined as a being between a man and a woman.
Gay couples should have the same basic human rights as other people.
Marriage is for procreation and should not be extended to same-sex couples.
Gay couples should not be able to adopt a child because it would be confusing for a child.
Denying some people the option to marry is discriminatory.
Legalizing same sex marriage protects marriage.
Making committed human connections is good for physical and mental health.
Same-sex marriage does not take away from the important message of marriage.
Gay couples have relationships just like heterosexual couples.
Civil unions and domestic partnerships afford many of the rights of marriage thus marriage should not be expanded to include same-sex couples.
Same sex couples should have to same rights as everyone else.
There are consequences for children of same-sex marriages as children need to have a male father and female mother.
God loves all the people for equal.
Marriage has always been between a man and a woman.
Marriage should be a choice for everyone.
It is not natural for two people of the same gender to be married.
Same sex marriage will benefit society because couples can depend on each other for social security and recognition of status.
Homosexuality is not a choice and should not be treated as one.
Same sex marriage is the same as heterosexual marriage and should not be treated differently.
Same-sex marriages should be accepted by churches.
Gay people deserve the right to marry.
It is discriminatory to deny same-sex couples options to marry.
Same-sex marriage is marriage between two people who love one another.
Same sex marriage promotes stability of same sex relationships the same as heterosexual couples.
Same sex couples are human beings and must be able to fulfill their desires.
Marriage of gay couples provides a more stable environment for raising children.
Homosexuals make good parents.
There is no evidence that opposite-sex couples make better parents than same-sex couples.
Gay couples could love each other more than a heterosexual couple.
Its not my buisness who you choose to be with.
Gay couples are more than capable of providing good homes to needy children.
Homosexuals are good parents.
Civil union is not equal to marriage.
Marriage is just a piece of paper.
Same sex marriage should share thesame  benefits with other forms of marriage.
Churches should be able to not allow same sex marriages as part of their rights.
Marriage is a basic human right.
