Vaccines can end up saving childrens lives.
Vaccinations should be a choice.
Vaccines save people's lives.
It is cruel to force someone to get an injection.
Diseases are more controlled under vaccines.
The people have the right to choose if they want participe in vaccination or not.
Vaccination should be compulsory.
Vaccines help in supporting public health.
All the people have right to have all the vaccines.
Vaccines can cause very harmful side effects and are not always safe.
Vaccines help us live longer and protect us from fatal diseases.
Vaccinations help prevent sickness.
No vaccination can lead to people getting sick or even killed by a virus.
Children should be vaccinated from early childhood.
Vaccines do not make you develop diseases.
Vaccinations increase herd immunity.
Vaccination protect the young and vulnerable ones.
Vaccines improve the lives of citizens.
Vaccines keep us healthy.
Vaccines are important for newborns.
Not everyone has the chance to get vaccinated.
Medical treatments like vaccines should be for all the people.
People should not be forced to vaccinate.
Vaccines prevent disease.
Vaccinations should be mandatory for all school children.
The ingredients in vaccines are unsafe in the amounts used.
Vaccine ingredients are not always disclosed to patients.
All people should have access to vaccines.
There should be more funding for vaccination.
People should be allowed to make their own decisions about medical choices for their children.
A greater number of people should be vaccinated for a vaccine to be effective.
Vaccines are necessary for our safety.
Vaccines are well trusted science.
Vaccination prevents outbreaks of easily preventable diseases.
Side effects of vaccinations are rare.
Vaccines should be required by law.
Vaccines do not suit people with AIDS.
Vaccines has to be somthing thats readilly available for people to buy.
The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the small amounts they are used.
Vaccine's can protect other people than yourself.
Vaccines increase the risk of autism.
Vaccine's can help one from getting sick.
Government should leave vaccinations to medical practioners.
Not vaccinating your child is unhealthy for the child and its contemporaries.
Doctors and science are more educated on vaccinations than parents and religious organizations.
Vaccination should be offered in school.
Vaccines are necessary to tackle strong diseases.
Vaccines can cause serious and fatal side effects.
Vaccines prevent deadly diseases.
The benefits of vaccines outweigh the risks.
Must have a containment plan when a new disease is discovered.
Vaccines do not suit all people (e.g. people with diabetes).
Everyone should have certain recommended vaccines.
Most medical doctors and other healthcare professionals are positive about what has been achieved through vaccination in preventing and eradication a number of life threatening diseases.
Vaccines can have severe side effects.
Vaccinations should be mandatory.
Vaccines can have adverse side effects such as the disease that the vaccine is trying to prevent.
Children should not be allowed in school or daycare unless vaccinated.
People who are against vaccinations are not smart.
Compulsory vaccination would avoid epidemics.
Any method is ok to prevent major tragedies.
Vaccines need to be mandatory to promote safe health.
Vaccinations are expensive and yet not 100% safe.
Patients have the right to know what is in vaccines.
There are social and religious groups that to be educated more about vaccination.
Vaccination are important for public health.
Vaccines should be mandatory.
Vaccines are not safe.
Early vaccines are safe.
Viruses like human papilloma can only be prevented with the vaccine.
It is safe to use vaccines if the doctor recommends it.
Vaccines should be implemented.
Vaccines ensure public safety.
Vaccination is good for everyone's health.
Vaccines have never been proven to work.
No tested vaccines are dangerous.
The government should promote campaigns for vaccination.
The benefits of vaccinations far outweigh the risks.
Artificial immunity will compromise the body’s ability to defend itself for a long time.
Some people have side effects from vaccination.
Vaccination is too expensive.
Vaccines are an example of where the common good outweighs individual rights.
Vaccines are not the perfect solution to diseases.
Vaccinations saves lives.
Vaccines are crucial to make sure diseases don't start.
Vaccines prevent disease outbreaks.
Vaccines prevent public health epidemics.
Vaccination have the risk of harmful and toxic chemicals being introduced to the body.
Someone who is not vaccinated is at higher risk of getting certain diseases.
Vaccinations cause autism.
Vaccines can cause adverse reactions.
The government should not intervene in personal medical choices.
Proper vaccinations are safe.
The vaccines must be given by people who are very prepared to put them.
It should be a parents choice whether to vaccinate or not.
Vaccine's are good for kids.
Vaccine's should be mandatory for everyone.
Vaccination should be mandatory at an early age.
Vaccine's should be free for everyone.
Vaccines are key to development in Africa.
Vaccinations don't just protect individuals, they protect the whole country for diseases.
The theory of herd immunity has never been proven.
Vaccination must be a staple in medical benefits.
There must be greater support of vaccination from medical institutes.
Parents should choose whether or not to have their child vaccinated.
Vaccination should be free for everyone.
Some vaccines are very expensive for the public, such as HPV vaccines.
Vaccines have a positive effect on people's health.
Vaccination programs have been carried out extensively and have totally eradicated life threatening diseases from the human race.
Vaccinations are safe.
Vaccines are very helpful and very needed.
The government must interfere with holistic methods that are not safe and anti vaccination.
Vaccines are good for society.
Vaccines are tested and proven to be safe.
Vaccinations can safeguard against deadly diseases and viruses.
Vaccination must be madatory.
It should be mandatory for all people to get vaccines to protect those who cannot get vaccinated.
Vaccinations need to be regulated.
The ingredients in vaccines are safe in the amounts used.
Vaccination saves lives.
Vaccines should be mandatory when entering a public or private school.
Mandatory vaccination should be implemented.
Vaccines endagers the human race in some areas.
Schools shouldn't require vaccinations.
Vaccines should be free.
Vaccinations prevents disease.
Vaccines provide immunity against diseases.
A lot of money has been saved since the advent and adoption of vaccination.
Vaccines are a dirty business of pharmaceuticals.
Once a child is born it must be vaccinaced.
Vaccination is the administration of antigenic material.
Some people are unable to receive vaccines.
Vaccines prevent people from harmful diseases.
People who do not vaccinate put others at a higher risk.
