Journalists should always present both sides of an issue equally.
The information must be shown in the media bluntly.
Thanks to our free media, we have a free world perspective.
A journalist must avoid biasing news.
Journalists intentionally report news in a way that makes republicans look bad.
Bias is part of human nature.
There are already too many yellow publishing houses.
If you dont like one media then consume another.
Reporters lie a lot.
The media no longer provide immediate and truthful information.
There should be better enforcement in the laws that go with journalism and mainstream media.
Journalists often report lies unintentionally.
Everybody is biased.
The society deserves the truth.
Media needs to present the facts.
Some media only project their strict bias and it hurts a majority of people i.e. fox news.
Journalists should report facts.
Mainstream media is now in support of political propagands.
Fox News is the only unbiased news source.
Journalist should not be manipulated by politicians.
The articles should have a subjective view.
So many stories are based on what type of story a politician want.
Sometimes reporters lie intentionally.
Media needs to be closely monitored by the public.
Mainstream media is not doing what its suppose to do.
The job of a reporter is to tell the truth.
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated.
Journalist should be upright.
Bias may be part of human nature but it can still be mediated to not blatantly show in media.
The truth should be spoken no matter the price.
Lower more fragmented reach and lower rated programs than network TV.
They have to have policies and punishments for fake news people.
Media bias will never go away.
Media bias is mostly about celebrities.
Media has the power to influence the audience, but often is not used for good.
Too many networks show biased news.
Media is biased in favor of the left.
A newscast should not be obvious what the political leanings of the journalist(s) is/are.
Media should be unbiased.
Freedom of the press prevents the government or other third parties from controlling the media.
It is easy to find media coverage that supports your opinion.
Journalist should follow the journalist creed.
The truth will set us free.
Journalists only cover stories that support their own opinion.
Most of the media is geared towards a specific audience making it very biast.
News should be unbiased.
Some reporters are too aggressive.
Common sense helps in looking beyond media bias.
Reporters have biased views like everyone else.
There is too much spin by the media.
Journalists are meant to be true to the core.
The media needs to present fair and balanced news.
News should be said the way it happened.
It is difficult to say if media bias has an impact on people.
Journalism is more about boosting ratings than getting the true story.
With blogs in the media and administrated via outlests, bias is part of media mainstream.
The main problem in the information issued by the media is corruption.
Is not has national level is worldwide.
Some media outlets adhere to journalistic teachings of avoiding bias and withholding personal opinions.
Journalism should be free and fair.
No media bias should be encouraged.
Dont use mainstream media if you want the truth.
There needs to be no third party influences in the media.
Media bias is why many Americans choose not to watch the news or read newspapers anymore.
Media bias should be prohibited.
Much of what is put out by the media today is sensationalized.
News people just want to make money.
Journalists have right to express their point of view.
Media should present multiple sides of each issue.
Mainstream media provides a relative objective view.
Using local channels can solve media bias to an extent.
The media are evil companies.
Mainstream media is very biast because they are looking for a reaction out of certain people.
Media is liberal biased because the liberals are right.
Bribes should not overtake our media.
False statements should be sanctioned.
Many journalists prioritize the business above the information.
You can't believe anything you see in the media anymore.
Journalist should be just.
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated -.
Fake news is not a real problem.
If you don't watch the media , bias isn't a problem.
Media bias is too little to worry about.
Journalists should be impartial in their news.
People need to get their facts straight before just going on what they hear from one source.
Mainstream media still provides a relatively objective view.
The people deserves the truth.
Newspapers should penalize biased writers.
Media should report the facts and not opinions.
Journalist's job is to report the truth and facts.
Journalists write false stories to gain readers.
Media bias will always be around.
Media alters the perception of a situation.
Media Bias is a real thing.
Most journalists are biast because that is human nature.
Buying a newspaper to read a fake news is a scam mode.
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminate.
All the stories should be covered in an honest way.
Without free media there is no freedom.
A journalist's job is to report the truth to the public and should not accept gifts from any third party.
Journalist should not be biased.
Journalists should be more honest.
The information must be objective and not manipulated.
Not all people in the media provide falsifications.
BBC is the most moderate news source.
CNN is the main source of being a total left wing partisan.
Much of what the media puts out today cannot be trusted.
Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful and honest stories.
Mots journalists doing a good job.
One should not trust the media.
Most journalist are dishonest people.
This issue is about whether media bias is a real thing.
Journalists should be upright.
The media should not be biast because it gives people the wrong impression about some things.
Reporters now care more about politics.
Journalist should not accept bribe.
By Biasing information journalists hurt others.
Journalism focusses on Democrats views.
Media bias declines ratings and decreases audience.
Too many articles covered in the mainstream media are biased and untruthful.
News are hard to believe.
All media outlets are biased.
Many journalists give commentary on news stories.
People naturally share their opinion and is not biased among journalists.
Sometimes news coverage is very conflicting.
Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate.
Fox News is biased in favor of the right.
Mainstream media is no longer fulfilling its mandate of providing the society with insightful.
Every body has its owns preferences.
Reporters often don't fully look into a topic.
Bias in journalism can never be completely eliminated -- bias is part of human nature.
Media bias is a real thing.
The media has become too influential in political outcomes.
