The country already has too much debt to even consider funding healthcare.
Obama care should not be scrapped.
No one should be deprived of health care.
All people should have right to a safe life.
Obama Care makes people use cheap medicine.
Healthcare is too expensive.
Unemployed must revice free Health care.
Obamacare should not exist.
A benefit of unregulated health care is lower cost of medicine although it will not be available without health care.
You should not be fined if you don’t have insurance.
Health coverage should be optional.
The affordable health care act causes an increase in health care costs.
Preventative care is beneficial for the entire health care system.
It is the humane thing to do to provide healthcare for those that cannot afford it.
Medical treatments should be free for all the people.
Everyone should receive healthcare.
Because of obama care an increased number of americans have health insurance.
With obamacare tens of millions of uninsured people have access to affordable, high-quality health insurance through Medicaid expansion, their employers, and the Health Insurance Marketplace.
People may rely on free health care to substitute there own role in maintaining unhealthy lifestyle choices.
The premiums for the Affordable Care Act are too expensive.
Health care should be offered to all with a doctor determining to end a patients care for negative reasonings.
All americans should get the same health insurance that congress gets.
Free health care is just another entitlement.
Saving a life should be a top priority regardless of health care.
The middle class should have to pay higher taxes, because they will use more government funds for their healthcare.
Free market capitalism doesn't work for health care, because a person who is keeling over from a heart attack doesn't have time to select the best hospital with the most affordable cost.
Health Care should be self paid but subsidiate by the goverment.
Obama Care helps thousands of individuals get the care they deserve.
Universal health care is too slow.
Medicines should regulate their price or be free in hospitals.
Government needs to make people healthy.
Other countries with free healthcare have a cheaper system that works equally good.
All citizens should benefits from obama care.
Affordable Health Care Act should not be replaced.
Every person has the right to access basic medical care.
Healthcare professionals should not suffer with no health insurance and not be charged for it either.
Things to save people life should be offered freely to them.
Free market on drugs lets people raise the price.
Affordable Health Care Act is good for the country.
Obama care should and has end the dropping sick patients.
In its current form, the Affordable Care Act is not sustainable.
Obama care is bad for the country.
Some regulations on healthcare and drug pricing is necessary to ensure access to both without economic disaster from price gouging.
Having access to health care makes the population more secure.
Obama care should be encouraged.
The law also includes spending. Upfront spending and more regulation are required to realize long-term cost-curbing measures.
People shouldn't die because they can't afford the cure.
Obama care is a waste of money.
By giving people free health care it can lead to them being lazy.
Healthcare is the basis of living.
Life should not be only for wealthy as wealthy people are no better than those less fortunate.
Free health care is very necessary for certain social groups.
Obama care should subsidiate expensives medicines.
We should get rid of the health insurance middle man.
Obama care should be removed.
There should be more competitive prices for health care.
A low cost medicine pogram help to improve Heatl care.
Health care should be free for all.
The government must run the expenses of the sick.
Obamacare is of benefit to society.
Us citizen health care should be free for unemployed poppulation.
Obama care can do good in the world.
Medical treatments should be only for people that can afford treatments.
Our health care system is inefficient.
Affordable Health Care Act should remain in the US.
All americans should have free basic medical care.
Public health is a necessity.
Every one should be treated equally.
With obamacare nobody has to die because they have no money.
Healthcare should be available to all us citizens.
Everyone needs insurance.
Health care results from our right to life.
Health care must be accessible to low-income people.
Unregulated health care markets are not beneficial to the american public, they create pricing gouges for certain life saving drugs, ie the epi pens.
All people deserve access to health care.
The first step toward Universal Health Care is Obama Care, backed by the Affordable Care Act.
Once you give people free health care, you cannot take it back.
Health insurance with obamacare is now more affordable for many people.
Health care should be more affordable.
We need a enlightenment pass on Obama care.
Individuals living in poverty deserve health care, and Obama Care helps to make it happen.
Employment status should not be tied to access to health care.
Health care should be guaranteed for all Americans.
Everyone should have access to basic medical care.
Pre-existing conditions should be covered.
Having health insurance lowers medical costs.
Obama Care should remain the law of the federal government, as it covers more indivdiuals.
All healthcare should be free.
We should have lower prescription drug costs.
Access to basic medical care will lower the total overall cost for everyone.
Letting a person die for not having to pay for their medicine is a form of murder.
Everyone should be provided basic health care.
An unregulated market ensures cheap medicine.
Obama care makes many people pay higher premiums.
Health insurance should be cheaper for people who are healthy for their age.
Free health care leads to people not taking care of their health.
The Obama care program is too costly.
Healthcare should not be free for unemployed people.
Obacamacare provides healhtcare for all.
Business should not determine how much a person should suffer for medicine.
Every deserves a chance at life.
All people should have access to medicines.
Let the poor have a good healthcare.
Life saving drugs should be free for everyone.
Life saving drugs should be afforable for everyone.
The Obama care program should be revised.
Healthcare should be handled on the state level, not on the federal level.
Drugs that help save lives should be accessible.
Us citizens must be charged but on a mimimal level.
Health care should be free for everyone.
The poor should have a chance.
Our curent healthcare system is outrageous.
No Time Limits on Care.
Health must be a right of all people.
The wealthier you are, the more you should have to pay to help fellow Americans.
Affordable Health Care Act is good for all.
A persons life should be more important than their capability to pay for it.
Health care should be offered to anyone in need.
Health care should be accessible for everyone regardless of monetary status.
There are now more private coverage options, and all major medical coverage options must provide minimum essential coverage.
The Obama care program has to many loopholes.
People should have access to lifesaving medical opportunities.
Government needs to keep people healthy.
People should not be taxed for being poor.
Obama care is beneficial for blacks and all races other than white.
Health should be free for all unemployed people.
Everyone should have access to cheap healthcare.
Global health should be our primary goal.
Government involvement is important for a good health care.
With Obamacare people with pre-existing health conditions can no longer be denied coverage by insurance companies.
Obamacare must make sure that health concerns are treated with utmost priority.
Medical care should be a human right.
People who are paying for healthcare suffer.
Healthcare professionals should not have to pay taxatoin of medicaid.
ObamaCare’s many protections ensure that you can’t be dropped from coverage when you get sick or make an honest mistake on your application.
The pricing models of obama care are too expensive.
Cancer treatment should be subsidized.
Healthcare should be free for all.
Health care should be universal in the United States.
Health care should not punish people for pre-existing conditions.
Taxes are going up as a result of the ACA.
CHIP has expanded to cover up to 9 million children.
Access to preventative medicine reduces more expensive medical costs later.
Heath care access is important in leveling the playing field between classes.
People should pay to mantain good health.
Cheap medicine is accessible to those who need it.
Affordable Health Care Act is affordable.
It is good that young adults can stay on their parents’ plans.
Healthcare should be free.
More screenings should be covered in obamacare.
Subsidies for health insurance should be reduced at the top end of the spectrum.
The health care act is a very good system.
Health is wealth and should be encouraged.
Obama care should provide a measure for free health care.
