A good electoral system puts us as a world example
Free and easy IDs should be able to be obtained so that photo ID can be implemented.
Photo id's should be presented in cases of new residency
people should choose their leader
The counting of votes should be done in presence of all the people
The people should elect there leader
Dont let celebrities run for elections.
All territories are qualified to vote during the election.
The Electoral college is not for overseas regions
All state should not use electoral system because its not the people's choice
Gerrymandering is unfair.
Swing states seem to dominate votes via the electoral college system
We must include all US residents.
Swing states are given too much importance in the electoral college
The people should have a say over the vote of the electoral
Gerrymandering should be unethical and penalized
Electoral system is unfair
Delegates should be appointed in a clear and well defined fashion.
The issue includes whether all US overseas regions should be allowed to vote.
Electoral system is unfair.
The electoral college should be eliminated.
Thumb printing system should be used for votes.
The US electoral system is the set of rules that determines how elections (the election of the President) are conducted
Photo id's should be presented at the ballot in cases of new residency.
The Electoral System does not properly match representation of constituents.
US overseas regions have the right to vote at presidential elections.
The electoral college needs to be reevaluated.
Election should be base on interest.
Changing electoral districts to better reflect societal distributions will benefit the electoral system.
Elections should be based on popular votes.
The electoral system needs to be revised.
Free and easy IDs should be able to be obtained so that  photo ID can be implemented
No state should be allowed to award electoral votes on an all-or-nothing basis.
No one outside the us should be allowed to vote for our president.
It maintains balance in  popular sovereignty
Electoral college directs more power to the states.
Everybody should have tolhe right to vote.
We should require a photo ID for every vote.
The pepple should select the president not the electoral college.
Electoral system has a loophole that is being abused.
Candidates should not be selected by government
It is difficult to send the vote information of the overseas
The election should not be based on state votes.
Popular vote should never be used as a determining factor because it give total control of the country to large coastal states
The person a majority of Americans favor may not win in the current system.
Convicted felons who have completed their sentences should be allowed to vote
All US citizens should be able to vote.
The outcome of the system should be the peoples will
Popular votes by the people should be the votes that determine the presidency
elections should be based on popular votes
Voter ID should be required to vote.
Gerrymandering can create an unfair advantage for one party.
the electoral college should not be as important
The US voting system is archaic.
Election right should be open to all.
Having third parties would get more people to vote.
The 2016 election was not hacked.
Requiring a photo id is a valid tool provided the accessibility of obtaining a photo id is not disproportionate based on racial or economic factors.
The system gives too much importance to the social status
We should look at other contries to improve our system.
Small states and swing states get more power through the current system.
Swing states are no more important than other states in the current system.
The US Electoral System needs to be changed to more effectively represent individuals.
These are the ideals set forth in the U.S. Constitution.
The electoral college system gives too much importance to swing states.
We should have online voting so physical booths are not manipulated.
Media plays a role in the US Electoral System, and impacts all elections.
The voting age should be changed to 16
All people should have right to vote
All elections should be based on vote count only.
the electoral college needs to be reevaluated
Electoral college maintains balance in popular sovereignty.
Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party who is setting the electoral districts
The electoral college is a well tooled method of equalizing population swing in the united states with regard to voting impact.
Small states and swing states get more power.
It is difficult to transfer the vote information of the overseas.
There should be more than two parties.
All elections should be based on popular vote.
Gerrymandering is unfair
Gerrymandering should be unethical and penalized.
All states should adopt the popular vote.
The elections are the most important thing in American decisions
Gerrymandering is a valid system.
The electoral system makes voting unfair.
The Electoral System is too complicated and dissuades people from voting.
All people should have right to vote.
Compulsory voting should be implemented
States should do what they can to avoid voter fraud
All elections should be based on one vote only.
The elections are rigged.
There should be a more secure identification system when voting
Requiring photo ids to vote will place a burden on seniors, the poor, immigrants and lower socio economic groups.
The electoral system should be more transparent.
All US citizens should have a right to vote no matter their location
The US voting system is archaic
Election should be by ballot casting
All us citizens should be eligible to vote without discrimination.
All elections should be based on popular vote
The electoral system are the ideals set forth in the U.S. Constitution.
These electors typically vote for the candidate for which their state popularly voted.
Gerrymandering is immoral and unethical although politically useful.
More than two parties would make the system more fair.
Photo id's should be presented to new citizens eligible to vote and those who have moved to different voting districts.
Popular votes are by the people and should be the determinance of a president by the people for the people
States should do what they can to avoid voter fraud.
Our good electoral system puts US as a world example.
Swing states are given too much importance in the electoral college.
Swing states seem to dominate votes via the electoral college system.
Swing states are no more important than other states
delegates should be appointed in a clear and well defined fashion
The electoral college protects minority interests.
Both parties should be involved in determining electoral districts
Electoral college facilitates a two-party system.
the electoral college should not be more important than the majority vote
The system should consist of more than two parties.
The elections are the most important thing in American decisions.
Electoral college protects minority.
Require a photo ID for every vote
All states should hold primaries on the same day.
Swing states are too powerful.
Politicians have control over the electoral system, and have ways to tilt it in their favor.
No state should be allowed to award electoral votes on an all or nothing basis
There must be a thorough review of the votes.
It is always opportune for a better national operation.
Popular votes by the people should be the votes that determine the presidency.
Photo Id's can prevent voter fraud.
The electorial system is in place to make sure that high population areas do not make all the political decisions.
The electoral system should be done different.
Both parties should be involved in determining electoral districts.
The system is archaic and needs to be updated.
Elections should be obased on popular vote
The Electoral College is outdated.
Voters should be required to be registered and with ID to vote on election day.
US overseas regions should be allowed to vote.
The electors should do their job by voting for the candidate that got the popular vote.
US should start abolishing electoral voting system.
All state should not use electoral system because its not the people's choice.
We should have more than two big parties.
Popular votes are by the people and should be the determinance of a president by the people for the people.
All US citizens should have a right to vote no matter their location.
The Electoral college does not cover overseas regions.
Only U.S. citizens living in the 50 states should be allowed to vote.
Popular vote is more accurathe than Electoral College.
We should require a id to vote.
Electoral College vote system is not the best system.
Compulsory voting should be implemented.
People should have to have an id in order to vote.
Election should be by ballot casting.
The election should be based on a national popular vote.
The electoral college is limited due to a lack of diverse parties.
The popular vote would not be a better way to decide elections.
Smaller states should have as much power as large states.
requiring photo ids to vote will place a burden on seniors, the poor, immigrants and lower socio economic groups
We can be proud how the voting results are determined in the USA.
Employers should be required to close on election days so that their employees have enough time to vote.
Electoral college is too complicated and dissuades people from voting.
The counting of votes should be done in presence of all the people.
Voting for an independent candidate only ensures that the Republican will win.
The electoral system should have more thought put into it.
The people should elect there leader.
Requiring an ID to vote will make voting more difficult for people below the poverty line.
We should require a id for every vote
Candidates should not be selected by government.
There needs to be a buffer between population and the selection of a President.
The two parties are corrupt.
The electors in the electoral college do not always vote for the candidate for which their state popularly voted.
The electoral college should not be given too much priority
Media plays a too big role in the US Electoral System and all elections.
The electoral college should not be more important than the majority vote.
The electoral system has to much power.
Gerrymandering should not be allowed.
Popular vote should never be used as a determining factor because it give total control of the country to large coastal states.
Convicted felons who have completed their sentences should be allowed to vote.
The electoral system must be fair.
The electoral college should not be as important at it is.
The popular vote should beat the electoral vote.
Electoral college should be monitored for corruption.
The US electoral system is the set of rules that determines how elections (the election of the President) are conducted.
The electoral college should not be given too much priority.
All us citizens should be considered fairly.
Foreign people should not be allowed to vote
Polls should not be announced during the election, because they can influence voting behavior.
Electoral college  directs more power to the states.
The system gives too much importance to the social status of representatives.
Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party that creates the district.
The voting age should be changed to 16.
Gerrymandering creates unfair advantge for the party who is setting the electoral districts.
Technology allows us to take place more in a democracy.
The people should have a say over the vote of the electoral college.
The us citizens should have a database of all overseas citizens.
There should be a more secure identification system when voting.
Electoral college directs more power to smaller states.
The electoral college is corrupt.
You have to digitize and monitor live the votes.
Money should not determine the political candidate.
Foreign people should be allowed to vote if they are in the US for over a year.
All regions that are part of the United States and are participants of the government should be allowed to vote.
Popular vote should matter more in the US electoral system.
Those who use negative tactics to win in the US Elector System should be ashamed of themselves.
