All Muslims should be regarded as terrorists.
The US should pull out of the Middle East.
War with Syria is imminent.
The US needs to let the Middle East solve its own problems.
Middle east countries should be allowed to determine their own future.
US cannot be in isolation.
The war in Iraq was not worth the cost of human life.
US interference in the middle east has hurt US economically.
Withholding funds to Palestinian National Authority prevents anti-Semitism.
Us engagement in the middle east will help keep terrorist cells from growing.
The US should prevent Rusia to support the syrian dictator.
Terrorist groups must be stopped at all costs by the US and its allies combined.
US interference in the middle East has done a lot to destabilize the region.
US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism and Islamic racism.
The war in the middle east wastes military resources.
US needs to strengthen its allies in the Middle East.
The war with Iraq was pointless and very costly.
US waste millions everyday in a struggling economy.
Us engagement in the middle east is controversial in the world and brings a lot of hatred and anti US sentiment to the US.
United States must seek more potential allies.
The US should support humanitarian groups in the middle East.
US is not the police of the world.
USA had to protect their allies.
Stop spending money in other countries and spend it in our own.
The US should try to keep themselves safe.
The Us should try to protect themselve.
US has to take the lead in global leadership.
The US should not engage in further warfare in the Middle East.
US should leave Iraq.
Us engagement in the middle east will help legitimate governments prevail.
US interference in the middle East increases antisemitism.
The U.S. has interferred in issues unrelated to us and we have been informed that we are not wanted.
The USA is doing more more harm than good in the middle east by harming innocent civilians.
American should stop the dispute in the middle east.
Usa's intervention in middle east should be discussed with the Country before act.
Inclusion with warring in other countries does turn our friends foe into ours.
The US has to show strength in the Middle East to prevent terrorism.
Forcing beliefs on established Middle East cultures will only cause negative reactions.
Reducing ISIS activity is a responsibility of the Us.
ISIS must be destroyed at all cost.
America's involvement in the Middle East has lead to increased terrorism.
Sending troops is not helpful if we are not wanted there.
America should not send troops to the middle east.
Troops should not be sent to the Middle East.
The u.s. should not 'take sides' in middle east conflicts.
US should not interfere Palestinian fight with Israel.
The USA should not send any military to Iraq.
The US should not interfere in the politics of the Middle East.
Those in the Middle East feel the US has butted in where it doesn't belong.
The USA has the military force to intervene in the Middle East so they should use it.
The U.S. should not accept any Muslim refugees.
Before any compromise there must be a correct dialogue.
There are many mixed feelings about US Engagement in the middle east.
Sending troops to the Middle East causes more problems than it solves.
The war is not helping anybody middle east nor america.
The war in Iraq is wasting money.
War in Middle East is too expensive for the US.
The war in the Middle East is about oil.
Sending troops to the Middle East does not prevent terrorism.
The US needs to take a hard stand on terrorism.
Aiding in trying to secure lives in Iraq is worth the cost of helping them.
ISIS is a direct result of the US involvement in the Middle East.
If lives can be saved then our assistance in Iraq is warranted.
The US should focus on what is good for the middle East not what is good for us.
USA interference in the middle east will only cause north koreea creating new measures of war.
We must show we are strong.
The U.S. should not favor Israel over Palestine.
US should protect America against terrorism.
Iraq was better off before the u.s. invaded and took down hussein.
Us should withdraw troops from middle east.
USA is engaging in the middle east because they are alies with saudi arabia.
America should not send ground troops to the middle east.
The american public will not support further military engagement in the middle east.
US Engagement in the middle east has also helped some people in the middle east.
The Iraq war has cost too many American lives.
The Iraq war is proof that the US should stay away from the Middle East.
The terrorists will attack united state as a consequence of interference.
We must spread democracy to the Middle East.
Unfortunately trying to help has caused disdain for the West.
America should not engage with the middle east.
Usa's engagement in middle east is not a public interest topic.
The US should leave the middle east alone.
US should stop engaging middle east conflict.
The war in Iraq was worth the costs.
The military should be sent home from the middle east.
The USA should be concerned with terrorists entering the usa.
Middle East should be left alone.
Terrorist are dominating the middle East since the war.
ISIS operations should be reduce by a more powerful force.
The U.S. should take an isolationist approach and not engage.
We cannot make any irrational decisions about US Engagement in the middle east.
The US needs to stay away from the Middle East.
The ongoing conflict in the Middle East justifies United States assistance.
War in the Middle East creates more terrorism.
Usa's intervention in middle east can bring a disaster.
Middle Eastern people are the same as United States citizens.
It is important to protect oil producers in the Middle East.
Engaging in the Middle East only fuels terrorism.
It is our duty to spread Western ideals to the Middle East.
It is sensible to withhold funding from groups that go against our country's moral such as anti-semitism.
Not every middle eastern is a terrorist.
The US should worry about their problems first.
USA's interference in middle east politics resulted in an entire generation that has been turned against the West.
The war in Iraq was a war for oil not bad intelligence.
United States must prove to be a strong power.
The war in Iraq was not worth the financial burden placed on the US economy.
Most of the US attacks in the Middle East harm civilians more than terrorists.
Eliminate as many weapons of mass destruction as possible.
The US should always support Israel.
We must contain Iran.
Because of engagement in the middle east US credibility is on the line.
Regime change in the Middle East leads to bigger problems.
Us engagement in the middle east will assist legitimate governments from being overrun by terrorist.
United States should maximize.
It is needed to send more troops to syria.
U.s. military engagement in the middle east is increasing the threat of terrorism.
The US should continue to conduct humanitarian efforts in the Middle East.
US must stop aiding Israel to avoid conflict with other middle eastern countries.
As a political super power the USA should use it's power to protect itself and allies from the Middle East.
War in Iraq is not worth it.
US Engagement in the middle east needs to be carefully addressed.
Americans should not send groud troops to the middle east.
US has to participate in the Middle East to monitor and prevent terrorism.
The war in Iraq was started under false pretenses.
USA has the right to bomb ISIS.
The US needs to show its support for Israel by moving its embassy to Jerusalem. It would make a big statement to the world .
US alies US capabilities to get trained against terrorists.
Acceptance of differences in Middle Eastern cultures is paramount in resolving current conflict.
The United States is in a place of power to help resolve problems in the Middle East.
The US shouldn't bother those people.
President Trump should not provide a timeline for troops but should not increase troops.
Iraq posses no threat to United states.
United States must avoid the least action that leads to war.
US participation in the Middle East can open more diplomacy opportunities.
They should fulfill their commitments to peace and harmony.
US should support the middle east with more resources to prevent terrorism.
America  should deal with the problems in their own country before interfering int he Middle East.
If Israel did not exist it would solve all of the problems in the Middle East.
