States should be in control of determining the allowance of immigrants into their domain and the care that may be necessary.
People immigrating from other countries should be loyal to america if they are living here.
We need to limit the amount of refugees allowed.
Immigration has always been a part of america.
European countries are experiencing problems with refugee immigrants.
Immigration does not change national identity of a country built on immigrants.
A person in need should not be denied help and life regardless of where they are from.
Immigration should be controlled to prevent overcrowding in the USA.
Our national and economic security depend on requiring people who are living and working here illegally to come forward and get right with the law.
Immigrants should be able to come to the USA for better opportunities.
Immigrants must pass certain background checks including crime record.
Immigrant will stimulate the economy and enhance America's wealth.
The USA immigration is best best way to repair the economy.
Immigration needs to be done legally only.
Immigrants who commit a serious crime should be permanently expelled.
Immigrants provide a valuable diversity.
Immigrants should be treated better at the borders.
Multiculturalism is desirable.
Immigrants take work no one else wants.
Immigrants bring positive things to the country.
Immigrants have a right to be protected.
Immigration provides cultural growth.
We should take hard measures to enforce immigration laws.
Bans against immigration are really just fronts for prejudice.
Some immigrants possess important skills that our country needs.
Legal immigration provides increased diversity.
The United States is already fully populated, so immigration should be restricted.
Immigrants are good for US economy.
Allowing immigrants into the country makes for a more skilled labor force.
Inmigration have a positive impact on diplomatic relationships.
Immigrants are good for US.
We should stop foreigners taking advantage of us.
US comprise of immigrant eversince.
Elevate refugee immigration to the US; they deserve a safe haven.
Diversity is something that a lot of companies value.
Immigration should be elevated because it brings the best brains to the economity.
Visas should only be issued to students and workers.
Immigrants have a positive impact in the economy.
Migrants have a positive impact on the economy.
Immigration changes national identity in a bad way.
US should hire skilled immigrants.
The US has the right to exclude of certain groups from entering.
Immigrants are needed to make up for aging populations.
Deporting these illegal immigrants can cost the government afortune so it is better to let them stay.
States should focus on their own people first.
Legal status would boost the economy.
The US must be responsible to their own citizens first.
All immigrants should learn American English.
The country must monitor the borders.
Immigrants should be treated like citizens of the country.
Work visas to skilled professionals should be temporary in nature.
Refugees should be helped.
Legal immigration levels should remain the same.
All illegal immigrants should be deported back to their home country.
We are all migrants.
Immigration into the USA should be elevated.
Undocumented aliens are willing to take all kinds of jobs.
America should focus on its own citizens before other countries citizens.
Immigrants are what makes this country what it is.
Illegal immigration is born from the difficulty of emigrating.
The government must set and enforce stricter rules about immigration.
Immigrants are bad for the US.
Background checks must be performed on immigrants.
The U.S. is a melting pot of cultures.
Only children who have one parent who is a US citizen should be granted citizenship.
Not everyone must be elegible for Immigration.
Immigration increases terrorist activity.
Legal immigrants contribute to society.
Immigrants are more often criminals.
Inmigration have a positive impact in the rise of economy.
Illegal immigration should not be allowed and be enforced.
Immigrants are willing to do work that most Americans don't want to do, at a lower cost to the employer.
America should invite all people that need help.
Immigrants contribute to the work force when they come to the country the right way.
Increased diversity results in a better America.
Our country was founded o the principle of encouraging immigration.
Paths to legal immigration should be simplified.
States must be responsible to their own citizens first.
Migrant workers contribute to our economy via business ventures and as employees.
Skilled migration workers are needed.
We must secure our borders.
Congress should immediately fund Trump's wall.
Immigration built the US.
Muslim immigrants can be dangerous.
There are immigrants who make great collaborations with the country.
Immigration takes opportunities away from those born in the usa.
Low cost workers come from Inmigration.
A time limit must be approved for immigrants.
Immigrant will strengthen our national security.
Immigrants have a postivie impact on the economy.
As long as immigrants get to remain in the United States legally, they will have jumped ahead of those in their home countries who are attempting legal entry.
The immigration program needs to be reformed.
Some immigrants come seeking better education and they should not be deprived.
Immigrants create multiculturalism.
Allowing people to becoming legal citizens should be first step in revising the immigration system.
All inmigrants should have the right to vote in the American elections.
The government has to destinate some fund to help immigrants.
Immigrants should come into the US legally only.
At times they help in the progress of the country.
High skilled migrants take jobs from US workers.
Legal immigration should be promoted.
US immigration helps the economy.
People from other countries should fix the problems in their own country, rather than move to another country.
When a person immigrates to a new country they can assume new nationality with their new country.
Undocumented aliens contribute to a richer culture and biodiversity.
We need an immigration reform that focuses on enforcement and upholding the rule of law.
All immigrants should have a detailed background check.
Immigration shouldn't be more important than security.
There should be a way that illegal immigrants can become legalized.
A decrease in population due to aging and death can be regained from an immigrant population including refugees.
Immigration must be regularized.
Immigrants helps boost US economy.
Immigration should be legal and orderly.
Immigrants visas should be constantly evaluated and revised.
Illegal immigrants take jobs away from Americans.
Most immigrants pay taxes.
Legal immigration has brought some great scientists to the United States.
All immigrants should be legal.
Illegal immigration should be banned.
Come to the US through legal channels or don't come at all.
Legal immigration is important for low paying jobs that Americans do not want.
We are all the descendants of immigrants.
Immigration should be limited.
Immigrants are known for working cheaper.
It's in the public interest to acknowledge that refugees cause harm.
Inclusion should be facilitated for immigrants.
Immigration is what made us what it is today.
States must be responsible for everyone present, not just citizens.
Immigration makes US more attractive to tourists.
Immigrants are better workers tha US workers.
