Vegetarianism is healthier than other diet plans.
Veganism is not healthy.
People should be free to eat whatever they want.
There are better ways than being vegetarian and vegan to have a healthy lifestyle.
We have the right to choose what to eat.
Meat production pollutes our environment.
Meat provides the nutrients required for good health.
People can choose a nutrition plan that is suitable for them.
Humans are made to eat meat.
Vegan lifestyle cuts out dairy completley.
Many celebrities are vegan.
Vegetarianism is healthier than veganism.
Tofu is not a healthy substitute for animal protein.
Creating a nutrition plan is left for the person.
There are too many people who take Vegetarian & Vegan Lifestyle to the extreme.
Not eating animals can lead to having more pets.
A vegetarian diet is healthy and beneficial over a meat based diet.
Freedom to chose your nutrition.
Eating meat has been an essential part of human evolution.
Vegan is a good cancer prevention.
Meat consumption contributes to air and water pollution.
It is immoral to eat vegetable only.
Meat consumption should be limited.
Vegan lifestyles are good for the environment.
Humans are meant to be vegan.
A vegan or vegetarian diet lacks nutrition only found in meat.
Real leather makes a statement about the woman who carries it (purse).
Vegans are at reduced risk of serious illness.
Eating plants reduce animal extinction.
Avoid discriminating against non-vegetarians and vice versa.
Killing animals is harmful.
It's immoral to kill animals.
Vitamins and pills are not safe substitutes for meat.
There are just as many animals killed in the dairy and egg industries as the meat industry.
There are many vegan options for protein.
Meat is needed to grow.
Carnivorous diets are unhealthy.
It is possible to kill animals in a manner that is humane.
Being a vegetarian is healthier for you.
Humans do not need meat to survive.
Eating animals reduces deforestation.
Is immoral to kill animals.
Animals used in meat production are mistreated.
People should be free to choose their own nutrition plan.
Beef can cause heart attack.
Vegetarianism is becoming more popular.
Meat is a good source of nutrients.
Most vegans and vegetarians are healthier then those who eat meat.
These are other lifestyles and life choices that do have more benefits including the ability to grow a lot of one's own food safely and organically.
Vegetarism and veganism has interferences with existing medical conditions.
Meat is bad for humans.
Some animals are here on earth to eat them.
Eating animals is part of the natural life cycle.
People have the right to choose he kind of meal they want to eat.
Human beings are biological omnivores.
Farming also contributes to air and water pollution.
The vegan diet has many health benefits.
Eating meat is essential to human development.
Meat production is bad for the environment.
Being a vegan saves animals lives.
Being vegetarian is healthy lifestyle.
Eating plant can relieve animal extinction.
Veganism is like a religion.
There are other sources of B-12 than meat.
There is more protein in plants than animals.
Lack of essential vitamins and minerals.
Meat can cause diseases.
Animal protection should be maximized.
Vegan lifestyle is the healthiest.
It is good that more people are starting to go Vegan.
Using cows for dairy production is cruel.
Killing animals is against Gods law.
Having more vegetarian options in stores helps boost the economy by creating another group of consumers.
Vegan lifestyle results in a short of essential vitamins and minerals.
Vegan lifestyle should be adopted.
Eating animal can reduce deforestation.
Killing animals is a sin.
People should just eat vegetables.
Vegan is the healthier lifestyle.
Eating meat is also good for humans body.
Vegetarianism will result in more animals than the earth can support.
Most slaughter houses are over crowded and do not properly care for animals.
We should consume meat more conscious.
Vegans are healthier than omnivores.
Vegetarians, such as 7th Day Adventists, are healthy people.
Enough protein can be found in vegetarian sources.
Meat offers important nutrients.
Meat is as healthy as vegetables.
Vegetarian lifestyles reduce risk of the No. 1 killer – Heart Disease.
People living the vegan are much healthier lifestyle.
A health plan leads to a healthy life.
The consumption or not of meat must be right of each person.
A vegan diet promotes weight loss.
God said that is ok to kill animals for human's consumtion.
Animals only must die for eating.
A persons food choice should be there own right to decide.
Eaiting meat is not healthy.
People should be able to make their own choices on what they eat.
I like cows, so I don't eat them.
Vegetarianism is healthier.
Animals have feelings and it is cruel to eat them.
Vegetarians face unrealistic expectations.
Humans have evolved to eat meat.
Being vegan is healthy.
Being a vegetarian is a good way to care for animals.
The decision of a person to be or not to be vegetarian must be respected.
There are certain nutrients, such as Zinc, Iron, and Protein, that are most efficiently consumed by eating meat.
If people want to eat meat then let them.
A persons diet should be there choice and the individual freedoms of choosing one food should not be shamed.
Vegetarian should be encouraged.
All people should be free to choose between vegan or vegetarian lifestyle.
It is immoral to kill animals.
Killing animals for food is part of being a person.
People should eat less meat.
If people want to be vegan - let them.
Human teeth have developed to eat meat.
There should be more vegetarian options available to increase diversity.
Eating meat leads to cardiovascular disease.
Humans have been natural carnivores for ages as is displayed through evolution such as that humans have canine teeth and the capability of eating and properly consuming meat.
Living a vegan lifestyle makes you look good.
Milk and Chees are good for people.
A vegan lifestyle is healthier.
Vegetarian and vegan lifestyles help to regulate blood pressure.
Cows milk should be for calves only.
Vegetarians are healthier.
It would not be practical to meet the world's food needs with a purely plant-based diet.
Vegans should not put down non vegans or vice versa.
No studies prove that a vegetarian lifestyle is healthier.
