Terrorists are recruiting people via the internet.
Terrorism has to be defeated using all available means.
The cost of terror has economical and human consequences.
American born terrorists are a bigger threat than middle eastern terrorists.
It is ok that our taxes support the war on terrorism.
Torture is sometimes required to get answers.
Terrorism should be stopped by any means necessary.
It is needed to educate people to reduce terrorism.
We need to take necessary means to capture terrorists.
We should fight to the finish against Afghanistan.
The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizens.
The war on terror made us look a lot stronger as a nation.
We need to focus on intelligence and infiltrating groups of suspected terrorists.
War on terrorism should be the priority by the US.
US should not meddle in foreign affairs in the name of defense.
Immigration into the United States must be monitored and restricted to prevent terrorism within our borders.
We should not call it a war, as it is totally different than what we think of as a war between countries.
The United States is in more debt than ever because of the War on Terrorism.
Terrorism needs to be destroy  by using tecnology.
The economic costs of terrorism and human cost is far too much.
Fighting terrorism by using bombings that kill civilians creates more terrorists than it kills.
The government must take care that the taken measures on counter-terror does not affect innocents.
Terrorism needs to end with the hope of peace.
The war on terror makes us a police state rather than do much for our world image and sovereignt.
The CIA use the war on terror to spy on others.
Too many lives are lost during acts of terrorism.
Terrorism needs to be stopped.
Government surveillance may inadvertantly pick up info on unrelated persons.
Terrorists lose any kind of human right.
We must protect our country.
Terrorism is a war that effects the world.
The war on terrorism resulted in more terrorist acts against the United States.
The United States had to do something regarding terror following September 11, 2001.
The war against afghanistan was justified by terrorism.
The government is spending too much funds on war on terrorism.
We must have a psychological support group for many of the affected by terror.
Measures to end terrorism must be maximized.
Spying is a necessary method to prevent terrorists from acting.
The War on Terrorism is costing too much.
The war on terrorism creates more terrorism.
Torture can be used to extract necessary information.
Quit spending money overseas.
Using torture makes us terrorists.
The war on terrorism needs to be stopped.
The government uses war on terror to spy on foreign affairs.
War on terriorism kept us safe so far.
The US needs to stop their war on terrorism.
Torture may have some benefits although inhuman.
Torture should not be allowed.
Terrorism will always be ahead of authorities trying to combat it because there is no boundary too great to cross and they will do anything to achieve their results.
America should control the middle east.
War is sometimes a necessary thing.
The terrorists are very crue to telorate.
People can not avoid war.
Terrorism will be a part of our world until the end of time, that is one of the costs of freedom of thought.
Any arrested terrorist should be jailed.
It is necessary to protect ourselves from viable terrorism.
Eradicating terrorism save many lives.
The War on Terrorism did not boost the economy.
President Bush had to make a difficult decisions regarding the War on Terrorism.
We have no credible evidence that Iraq and al Qaeda cooperated on attacks against the United States.
God does not approve any war.
Terrorist should be killed without trials.
The war on terrorism is to costly.
Torture is an ineffective way to extract reliable information from people.
The US government must provide measures to prevent war.
Fighting terrorists only radicalizes more.
The United States must work with the international community to defeat terrorism.
A person's chances of being killed by a terrorist are astronomically low.
War against terrorism is expensive.
The government uses the war on terror to spy on US citizen.
The war on terrorism has lead to discrimination of muslims.
The US uses terrorism to justifice violence against other countries.
Sometimes spying on terrorists can unfortunately reveal about unrelated persons.
Too much lives are wasted because of war on terrorism.
Many companies are getting rich by selling wapons agains terrorism.
The war on terrorism must be taken serious.
The United States must appropriate adequate funds to fight terrorism internationally.
Casualties piled by the War on Terrorism are necessary to protect constitutional fundamentals.
Radical Islamic terrorists do not portray the beliefs of all muslims.
Military deployment to the Middle East is a necessary to deter terrorism.
Terrorism needs to be defeated using all available means.
Terrorism is dangerous to all the world.
Terrorism should be defeated but not at the cost of civilian lives.
The terrorist issue is small compared to other priorities.
Terrorism should not be encouraged.
Measures to be taken must be preventive to major risks.
USA need more arab people to fight terror.
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams: 9-11 is fake.
US should act seriously on terrorism war.
Troops lives have been lost for no reason due to the war on terrorism.
We will never be able to eliminate terrorism.
The War on Terror is unwinnable.
Terrorism should be countered.
Any cost is little if terrorism is eliminated.
The 9/11 attacks stunned the nation.
We should take troops out of the middle east.
Terrorism has destroyed too much and needs to end.
As a bonus, war on terror almost guarantees safety worldwide.
The war on terrorism is an invasion of privacy.
The war or terrorism must be enforced and take seriously.
The War on Terrorism required a large amount of funding to be.
If U.S. citizens have nothing to hide, then they shouldn't be concerned about the government spying on them.
The war on terror kept us safe so far.
Terrorism is the biggest problem of our time.
The War on Terrorism was a necessary defense measure.
War on terrorism is good for the country.
The war on terrorism has caused more harm to us citizens.
Terrorism must be defeated.
War on terrorism is a necessary strategy.
Terrorism is only a problem in the middle east.
The war on terror having long-term economic effects while we could keep our borders safe here instead.
Torture is a necessary tool in the war on terror.
The government should have many strategies for the war.
Torture can be a necessary tool in the war on terror.
All suspected individual should be well detaned.
It is necessary to defeat the evils that want to destroy others as their mission.
The war on terrorism does not prevent terrorism.
The war on terrorism has been minimally effective.
Government need to increase fighting measure.
Measure put in place to allow government more access to private information after the 9-11 terrorist attacks have been mis used.
Terrorism takes many forms and is home grown through the use of the internet and a section of the population that is completely disenfranchised with our society.
The government is trying to use the war on terrorism to scare people.
The war on terrorism is too expensive.
The war against Afghanistan was justified by terrorism.
The us government need to spot out all the terrorist with intellegence.
We must fight for our freedoms.
All Muslims are terrorists.
More countries should join forces in combating terrorist.
Terrorism is an international threat.
The war on terror costs too much.
Terrorism should be stopped.
Terrorism needs to be eliminated once and for all.
We use the word terrorist for groups that attack us, and rebels if they attack our enemies.
